20 percent of your activities will account for 80 percent of your results. - Brian Tracy
A beautiful thing is never perfect. - 
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn. - 
Ability is a poor man's wealth. - John Wooden
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. - Lou Holtz
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.   - Confucius 
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it. - Confucius
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song. - Chinese Proverb
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well. - Jeff Bezos
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. - Haynes Bayly
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. - Thomas Haynes Bayly
Absorb what is useful, discard what is not, add what is uniquely your own. - Bruce Lee
Absorb what is useful, discard what is useless and add what is specifically your own.   - Bruce Lee
Absurdity is the ecstasy of intellectualism. - Criss Jami
Abundance of knowledge does not teach men to be wise. - Heraclitus
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business. - Henry Ford
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. - George Patton
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. - George S. Patton
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. - Les Brown
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. - George S. Patton
Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart. - Marcus Aurelius
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.   - Marcus Aurelius 
Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance. - Eckhart Tolle
A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory. - Mark Twain
A clever person turns great troubles into little ones, and little ones into none at all.  - Chinese Proverb
A comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there. - Unknown
Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
A crisis is an opportunity riding the dangerous wind. - Chinese Proverb
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.   - William James
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
Action is eloquence. - William Shakespeare
Action is the foundational key to all success.   - Pablo Picasso
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
Action is the real measure of intelligence.   - Napoleon Hill 
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.  - Benjamin Disraeli
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. - Benjamin Disraeli
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. - William James
Actions are the seeds of fate. Deeds grow into destiny. - Harry S. Truman
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.   - Tehyi Hsieh
Act the way you want to be and soon you'll be the way you act. - Les Brown
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.  - John Lubbock
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work. - John Lubbock
A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self. - Charles Dickens
A day without laughter is a day wasted. - Charlie Chaplin
A diamond is a piece of charcoal that handled stress exceptionally well. - Unknown
A different result requires doing something different. - Gary Keller
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A dream doesn't become reality through magic it takes sweat, determination and hard work. - Colin Powell
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.   - Denis Waitley
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown. - Denis Waitley
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.   - John Lennon 
Adventure is not outside man; it is within. - George Eliot
Adventure is worthwhile in itself. - Amelia Earhart
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records. - William Arthur Ward
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.  - William Ward
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.  - Horace
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant. - Horace
Adversity is the tempering of one's mettle. Without it, we cannot know any true meaning in our accomplishments. - Ming-Dao Deng
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway. - Mary Kay Ash
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.  - Elbert Hubbard
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience. - Elbert Hubbard
A fear of weakness only strengthens weakness. - Criss Jami
A fear-oriented man is always calculating, planning, arranging, safeguarding. His whole life is lost in this way. - Osho
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.  - Joseph Roux
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool. - Joseph Roux
A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it. - Dogen
A fool sees himself as another, but a wise man sees others as himself. - Dogen
A friend in power is a friend lost. - Henry Adams
A friend is a gift you give yourself. - Robert Louis Stevenson
A friend is, as it were, a second self. - Cicero
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. - Elbert Hubbard
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are. - 
A friend is what the heart needs all the time. - Henry van Dyke Jr.
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship. - John Locke
A friend to all is a friend to none. - Aristotle
Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand. - Mark Twain
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.  - May Sarton
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself. - May Sarton
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age. - Anais Nin
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age. - Anaïs Nin
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.  - Chinese Proverb
A gentleman accepts the responsibility of his actions and bears the burden of their consequences. - William Faulkner
A gentleman is one who puts more into the world than he takes out. - George Bernard Shaw
A goal is a dream with a deadline.   - Napoleon Hill 
A goal is a dream with a deadline. - Napoleon Hill
A goal without a plan is just a wish.  - Larry Elder 
A goal without a plan is just a wish. - Larry Elder
A golden cage is still just a cage. - Anita Krizzan
A good character is the best tombstone. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble. - Charles Spurgeon
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.   - Plato 
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers. - Plato
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be. - Wayne Gretzky
A good master leads you to the true master within. Only that master, who is your own higher self, can adequately answer all questions. - Ming-Dao Deng
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. - 
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. - George S. Patton
A good rest is half the work. - 
A good stance and posture reflect a proper state of mind. - Morihei Ueshiba
A good system shortens the road to the goal.  - Orison Swett Marden
A good teacher is like a candle — it consumes itself to light the way for others.  - 
A good teacher opens the door for you, but you must enter the room by yourself. - Zen Proverb
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others. - Judy Garland
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune. - Horace
A Hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles. - Christopher Reeve
A hero is an ordinary person doing things in an extra ordinary way. - Christopher Reeve
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.  - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A hopeless man is a very desperate and dangerous man, almost a dead man. - Robert F. Kennedy
A house divided against itself cannot stand. - Abraham Lincoln
A hut full of laughter is richer than a palace full of sadness. - Zen Proverb
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.  - Dr. David M. Burns
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. - W. Clement Stone
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. - Lao Tzu
A jug fills drop by drop.   - Buddha 
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.   - Lao Tzu
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. - Lao Tzu
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. - Laozi
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. - John C. Maxwell
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. - Unknown
A leader leads by example, not by force. - Sun Tzu
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.  - Jawaharlal Nehru
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action. - Jawaharlal Nehru
A liar knows that he is a liar, but one who speaks mere portions of truth in order to deceive is a craftsman of destruction. - Criss Jami
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. - Mark Twain
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Winston Churchill
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing. - Bernard Shaw
A life without a cause is a life without effect. - Paulo Coelho
A little impatience will spoil great plans. - Chinese Proverb
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.  - Kahlil Gibran
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle. - Kahlil Gibran
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.   - Elbert Hubbard 
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success. - Elbert Hubbard
A little progress each day adds up to big results. - Unknown
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.   - Napoleon Hill 
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. - Napoleon Hill
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.   - Sai Baba 
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter. - Sai Baba
All animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it. - Samuel Butler
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.  - Pablo Picasso
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. - Pablo Picasso
'All conditioned things are impermanent' — when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering. - The Buddha
All cruelty springs from weakness.   - Seneca
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.   - Lao Tzu
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.  - Lao-Tzu 
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small. - Laozi
All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind. - The Buddha
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.   - Bruce Lee 
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns. - Bruce Lee
All great achievements require time.   - Maya Angelou 
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.  - Alexis Carrel
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know. - Alexis Carrel
All great truths begin as blasphemies. - George Bernard Shaw
All happiness depends on courage and work. - Honore de Balzac
All has not been said and never will be. - Samuel Beckett
All human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes. - Andrew Carnegie
All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope - Alexandre Dumas
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope. - Alexandre Dumas
All I can do is be me, whoever that is. - Bob Dylan
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!  - Bob Newhart
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it! - Bob Newhart
All I required to be happy was friendship and people I could admire. - Christian Dior
All is flux; nothing stays still.  - Heraclitus
All is flux; nothing stays still. - Heraclitus
All know that the drop merges into the ocean, but few know that the ocean merges into the drop. - Kabir
All know the way; few actually walk it.  - Bodhidharma
All know the way; few actually walk it. - Bodhidharma
All leaders are readers. - Jim Rohn
All life is a manifestation of the spirit, the manifestation of love. - Morihei Ueshiba
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand. - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
All men are equal before fish. - Herbert Hoover
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.  - Albert Camus
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out. - Albert Camus
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.  - Orison Marden
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.  - Orison Swett Marden
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life. - Tom Hodgkinson
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.  - Immanuel Kant
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason. - Immanuel Kant
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.   - Leonardo da Vinci 
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. - Leonardo da Vinci
All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise. - Anne Brontë
All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.  - Anne Bronte
Allow motion to equal emotion. - Elbert Hubbard
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.   - Richard Bach 
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose. - Richard Bach
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.  - Rudolf Arnheim
All power is from within and therefore under our control. - Robert Collier
All problems are illusions of the mind. - Eckhart Tolle
All problems are interpersonal relationship problems. - Alfred Adler
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.  - Albert Einstein
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.  - Horace Friess
All serious daring starts from within.  - Harriet Beecher Stowe
All serious daring starts from within. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
All that a man achieves and all that he fails to achieve is the direct result of his own thoughts. - James Allen
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable. - Kathleen Norris
All that really belongs to us is time; even he who has nothing else has that.  - Baltasar Gracian 
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become. - Buddha
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. - Edgar Allan Poe
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today. - 
All the great performers I have worked with are fuelled by a personal dream.  - John Eliot
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope. - Winston Churchill
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts. - William Shakespeare
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts. - William Shakespeare
All things change; nothing perishes.  - Ovid
All things change; nothing perishes. - Ovid
All things come into being by conflict of opposites. - Heraclitus
All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once. - Bill Watterson
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man. - Henry David Thoreau
All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill. - The Buddha
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.  - Galileo Galilei
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them. - Galileo Galilei
All wealth is the product of labor. - John Locke
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us. - J.R.R. Tolkien
All wisdom does not reside in Delhi. - P. Chidambaram
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain?   - Buddha 
All you need is passion. If you have a passion for something, you'll create the talent. - Yanni
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. - Earl Nightingale
Almost everything comes from nothing. - Henri Amiel
Almost everything comes from nothing. - Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. - Helen Keller
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right. - Thomas Paine
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. - Euripides
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.   - Chuck Norris
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one. - Chuck Norris
A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could. - Zig Ziglar
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do. - Chuck Norris
A loving heart is the truest wisdom. - Charles Dickens
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. - Oprah Winfrey
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. - Helen Keller
Always be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else. - Judy Garland
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of someone else. - Judy Garland
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.  - Abraham Lincoln 
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. - Abraham Lincoln
Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others. - Buddha
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.  - Lena Horne
Always be smarter than the people who hire you. - Lena Horne
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it. - Bruce Lee
Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other. - Mark Twain
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.   - Og Mandino
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself. - William Faulkner
Always focus on the front windshield and not the rear view mirror. - Colin Powell
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.  - Oscar Wilde
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. - Phil Jackson
Always keep your eyes open. Keep watching. Because whatever you see can inspire you. - Grace Coddington
Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment. - Morihei Ueshiba
Always look on the bright side of things. If you can't comprehend this, polish that which has become dull until it begins to shine. - Zen Proverb
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.  - Margaret Mead
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. - Margaret Mead
Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be. - Og Mandino
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.   - Og Mandino
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity. - Og Mandino
Always show more kindness than seems necessary because the person receiving it needs it more than you will ever know. - Colin Powell
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation. - Michael Jordan
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend. - Henry David Thoreau
A man is but a product of his thoughts. What he thinks he becomes. - Mahatma Gandhi
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.   - Chanakya 
A man is great by deeds, not by birth. - Chanakya
A man is literally what he thinks. - James Allen
A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise.  - Buddha
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.  - Edmond Rostand
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. - Edmond Rostand
A man is not where he lives but where he loves. - 
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. - John C. Maxwell
A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.   - Donald Kircher 
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. - Goethe
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.   - Albert Einstein
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be. - Albert Einstein
A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying, that he is wiser today than yesterday. - Jonathan Swift
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life. - James Allen
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions. - Marcus Aurelius
A man that flies from his fear may find that he has only taken a short cut to meet it. - J.R.R. Tolkien
A man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled. - Andrew Carnegie
A man who cannot tolerate small misfortunes can never accomplish great things. - Chinese Proverb
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. - Charles Darwin
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else. - Jean François Paul de Gondi
A man with outward courage dares to die: a man with inner courage dares to live. - Lao Tzu
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and got to work. - Stephen King
A memory is a beautiful thing, it's almost a desire that you miss. - Gustave Flaubert
A mentor is someone who sees more talent and ability within you, than you see in yourself, and helps bring it out of you. - Bob Proctor
America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others. - Parker Palmer
A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated — this is the greatest blessing. - The Buddha
A minute's success pays the failure of years. - Robert Browning
A mistake is only an error, it becomes a mistake when you fail to correct it. - John Lennon
A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments. - Ezra Stiles
Among the things you can give and still keep are your word, a smile, and a grateful heart. - Zig Ziglar
A mountain never yields to the wind no matter how strong it is. - Zen Proverb
A moving door hinge never corrodes. Flowing water never grows stagnant. - Ming-Dao Deng
an action committed in anger is an action doomed to failure.  - Genghis Khan
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox  - Lao Tzu
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox - Laozi
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. - Winston Churchill
An approximate answer to the right question is worth a great deal more than a precise answer to the wrong question. - John Tukey
Ancient Rule of Twenty-one: if you do anything for twenty-one days in a row, it will be installed as a habit. - Robin Sharma
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.  - Nelson Mandela 
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. - Nelson Mandela
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace. - Michelle Obama
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on. - Alan Watts
And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm. - Rowan Williams
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today. - Laurence J. Peter
A needle is not sharp at both ends.  - Chinese Proverb
An empty head is not really empty; it is stuffed with rubbish. Hence the difficulty of forcing anything into an empty head. - Eric Hoffer
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.  - Beverly Sills
Anger, ego, jealousy are the biggest diseases,Keep yourself aloof from these three diseases. - Sathya Sai Baba
Anger exceeding limits causes fear and excessive kindness eliminates respect. - Euripides
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. - Mark Twain
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.   - Buddha 
Animals don't hate, and we're supposed to be better than them. - Elvis Presley
An inch of time is an inch of gold but you can't buy that inch of time with an inch of gold. - Chinese Proverb
An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it. - Laurence J. Peter
An intelligent person hires people who are more intelligent than he is. - Robert Kiyosaki
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.  - Victor Hugo
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come. - Victor Hugo
An inventor is a man who asks Why? of the universe and lets nothing stand between the answer and his mind. - Ayn Rand
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.  - Thomas Fuller 
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men. - Thomas Fuller
A noble one produces an abundance of merit by having a compassionate mind towards all living beings. - The Buddha
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block. - 
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind. - Albert Schweitzer
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind. - Albert Schweitzer
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it. - Dee Hock
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage. - Jack Welch
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.  - John Junor
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts. - John Junor
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises. - Mae West
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.   - Lao Tzu
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy. - Laozi
An un-examined life is not worth living. - Socrates
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom. - Soren Kierkegaard
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.  - Oscar Wilde
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it. - Oscar Wilde
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it. - Samuel Butler
Any fool can turn a blind eye but who knows what the ostrich sees in the sand. - Samuel Beckett
Any game becomes important when you know and love the players. - W.P. Kinsella
Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought. - Napoleon Hill
Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.  - Robert Lynd
Anyone telling you it's pointless to share your perspective is sharing their perspective. - Jack Butcher
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either. - Albert Einstein
Anyone who dreams of an uncommon life eventually discovers there is no choice but to seek an uncommon approach to living it. - Gary Keller
Anyone who has ever made anything of importance was disciplined. - Andrew Hendrixson
Anyone who proposes to do good must not expect people to roll stones out of his way, but must accept his lot calmly if they even roll a few more upon it.  - Albert Schweitzer
Anyone who reads a book with a sense of obligation does not understand the art of reading. - Lin Yutang
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.  - Henry Ford
Anyone who wants to achieve a dream must stay strong, focused and steady. - Estee Lauder
Any sufficiently advanced technology is equivalent to magic. - Arthur C. Clarke
Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough.. - Gustave Flaubert
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly. - Mae West
Anything you may hold firmly in your imagination can be yours. - William James
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.   - Wayne Dyer 
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it. - Wayne Dyer
Any thought that is passed on to the subconscious often enough and convincingly enough is finally accepted. - Robert Collier
Any word you have to hunt for in a thesaurus is the wrong word. There are no exceptions to this rule. - Stephen King
A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both. - Fawn M. Brodie
A path is made by walking on it. - Zhuangzi
A person hears only what they understand. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A person is only by the thoughts that he chooses. - James Allen
A person who does not read is no better than one cannot read. - Earl Nightingale
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.   - Albert Einstein 
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs, jolted by every pebble in the road. - Henry Ward Beecher
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties. - Harry S. Truman
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. - Robert Frost
Appearances are often deceiving. - Aesop
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak. - Sun Tzu
Applause is a receipt, not a bill. - Dale Carnegie
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.  - Margaret Cousins
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.  - Alan Cohen 
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts. - Alan Cohen
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.  - Francis Bacon
A prudent question is one half of wisdom. - Francis Bacon
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship. - Francis de Sales
A Quitter never wins - and - a Winner never quits. - Napoleon Hill
A rational person can find peace by cultivating indifference to things outside of their control. - Naval Ravikant
Ardently do today what must be done. Who knows? Tomorrow, death comes. - The Buddha
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided. - Tony Robbins
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. - Unknown
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. - Walter Winchell
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Argue for your limitations and sure enough, they're yours. - Richard Bach
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. - Richard Bach
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.   - Richard Bach 
Arise, slay thy enemies, enjoy a prosperous kingdom. - Bhagavad Gita
A rolling stone gathers no moss.  - Publilius Syrus
A rolling stone gathers no moss. - Publilius Syrus
A Rolling Stone Gathers No Moss. - Publilius Syrus
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.  - John Dewey
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another. - John Dewey
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life — for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.   - Laura Teresa Marquez
Art is the signature of civilizations.  - Beverly Sills
Art is to console those who are broken by life. - Vincent van Gogh
Art, like morality, consists of drawing the line somewhere. - Gilbert Chesterton
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow. - Charlotte Brontë
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky. - Thomas Edison
As a man thinketh in his heart, so shall he be. - James Allen
As a matter of fact is an expression that precedes many an expression that isn't. - Laurence J. Peter
As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse. - The Buddha
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.  - Saul Alinsky
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be. - Saul Alinsky
As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer. - James Gleick
As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed. - The Buddha
A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone. - Charles Darwin
A self that goes on changing is a self that goes on living. - Virginia Woolf
As far as your self-control goes, as far goes your freedom.  - Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.  - Sophocles
A short saying often contains much wisdom.  - Sophocles
A short saying often contains much wisdom. - Sophocles
A simple rule in dealing with those who are hard to get along with is to remember that this person is striving to assert his superiority; and you must deal with him from that point of view. - Alfred Adler
A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees. - Amelia Earhart
A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.  - Chinese Proverb
A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities. - J.R.R. Tolkien
A single lamp may light hundreds of thousands of lamps without itself being diminished. - The Buddha
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. - Leo Buscaglia
Ask no questions, and you'll be told no lies. - Charles Dickens
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer and practice it. - Richard Bach
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.   - Richard Bach 
As long as a human being worries about when he will die, and what he has that is his, all of his works are zero. - Kabir
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.   - Donald Trump 
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.  - 
As mortals, we're ruled by conditions, not by ourselves. - Bodhidharma
As one grows weaker one is less susceptible to suffering. There is less hurt because there is less to hurt. - Jack London
As our case is new, we must think and act anew.   - Abraham Lincoln 
Associate with people who are likely to improve you.   - Seneca
Associate yourself with men of good quality, if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company.  - George Washington
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.   - Chanakya 
As soon as you truly commit to making something happen, the 'how' will reveal itself. - Tony Robbins
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in.  - 
A strong man overcomes an obstacle, a wise man goes the whole way. - Zen Proverb
A stumble may prevent a fall. - 
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.  - Isaac Asimov
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value. - Isaac Asimov
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.   - David Brinkley
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.   - David Brinkley
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. - David Brinkley
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.  - Nelson Mandela 
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. - Nelson Mandela
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.  - John F. Kennedy
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. - John F. Kennedy
As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.  - Robert Schuller
As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.  - Fran Watson 
As you grow older you will discover that you have two hands. One for helping yourself, the other for helping others. - Audrey Hepburn
As you love yourself, life loves you back. - Kamal Ravikant
As you think, so shall you become.   - Bruce Lee 
As you think, so shall you become.  - Bruce Lee
As you think, so shall you become. - Bruce Lee
As you think, so you are. As you dream, so you become. As you create your wishes, so they create you.  - Wendy Garrett
As you think, you travel, and as you love, you attract. - James Allen
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. - Ben Hogan
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life. - Joseph Prince
At every moment where language can't go, that's your mind. - Bodhidharma
At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable. - Christopher Reeve
At first you may not have succeeded, but neither did Albert Einstein.  - Byron Pulsifer
A thing constructed can only be loved after it is constructed; but a thing created is loved before it exists. - Charles Dickens
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.  - Mark Twain
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes. - Mark Twain
A thing must be loved before it is lovable. - Gilbert Chesterton
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.  - John Dryden
A thing well said will be wit in all languages. - John Dryden
A tiger doesn't lose sleep over the opinion of sheep. - Shahir Zag
A time splashed with interest, wounded with tragedy, crevassed with joy — that’s the time that seems long in the memory. And this is right when you think about it. Eventlessness has no posts to drape duration on. - John Steinbeck
A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow. - Richard Bach
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love. - Basil of Caesarea
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably. - William C. Menninger
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! - Doug Larson
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. - Len Wein
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire. - François de La Rochefoucauld
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.  - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring. - François de La Rochefoucauld
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.   - Lao Tzu
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. - Lao Tzu
At the center of your being, you have the answer; you know who you are, and you know what you want. - Laozi
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets. - Steve Maraboli
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.  - Albert Schweitzer
Attitude drives actions. Actions drive results. Results drive lifestyles. - Jim Rohn
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
Attitude, not aptitude, determines altitude.   - Zig Ziglar
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.  - Albert Camus
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower. - Albert Camus
A very little key will open a very heavy door. - Charles Dickens
A vital part of the happiness formula is self-discipline. Whoever conquers himself knows deep happiness that fills the heart with joy. - Norman Vincent Peale
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it. - Colin Powell
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than exposure. - Helen Keller
Avoiding failure is to avoid progress. - Unknown
Awakening is possible only for those who seek it and want it. - G.I. Gurdjieff
Awaken. Take heed, do not squander your life. - Dogen
A warrior does not give up what he loves, he finds the love in what he does. - Dan Millman
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.  - James Lowell
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.   - Bruce Lee
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.   - Bruce Lee 
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer. - Bruce Lee
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation. - Molière
A wise man makes his own decisions, but an ignorant man mindlessly follows the crowd. - Chinese Proverb
A wise man will be master of his mind, a fool will be its slave. - Publilius Syrus
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.  - Francis Bacon
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. - Francis Bacon
A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency. - The Buddha
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart. - Jonathan Swift
A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies. - Confucius
A zen master's life is one continuous mistake. - Dogen
Bad things are not the worst things that an happen to us. NOTHING is the worst thing that can happen to us. - Richard Bach
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!   - Richard Bach 
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us! - Richard Bach
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.  - Ralph Emerson
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. - Ted Williams
Be a good animal, true to your instincts. - D. H. Lawrence
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.  - Frank Tyger 
Be a master of change rather than a victim of change. - Brian Tracy
Be approximately right rather than exactly wrong. - John Tukey
Be as fluid as water, do not give your enemies anything solid to attack. - Robert Greene
Be as simple as you can be; you will be astonished to see how uncomplicated and happy your life can become. - Paramahansa Yogananda
Be as you wish to seem.   - Socrates 
Be as you wish to seem. - Socrates
Beauty is all around us amidst strife and turmoil to be seen by those who look not to those who wish.  - Byron Pulsifer
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.  - Kahlil Gibran
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart. - Kahlil Gibran
Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward. - Roy T. Bennett
Be brave enough to suck at something new. - Unknown
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience. - Paulo Coelho
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone. - Roy T. Bennett
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them. - W. Clement Stone
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible. - Marcus Aurelius
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Becoming a great leader doesn't mean being perfect. it means living with your imperfections. - Lolly Daskal
Be confident, not certain. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Be Content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.   - Lao Tzu 
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything. - Aesop
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.  - George Washington
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence. - George Washington
Be curious, not judgmental. - Walt Whitman
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.   - Mother Teresa 
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. - Mother Teresa
Be fascinated instead of frustrated. - Jim Rohn
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. - Alexander Graham Bell
Before enlightenment; chop wood, carry water. After enlightenment; chop wood, carry water. - Buddha
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish. - Albert Einstein
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.  - Winston Churchill
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe. - Winston Churchill
Before you can see the Light, you have to deal with the darkness. - Dan Millman
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.  - Confucius
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available. - James M. Beggs
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available. - Jim Beggs
Before you speak, ask yourself, is it kind, is it necessary, is it true, does it improve the silence? - Sathya Sai Baba
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others. - Lama Yeshe
Be gentle with yourself. Think less and feel more. Be as happy as you can. You only have this moment. - Dan Millman
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life. - Seneca
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.   - Seneca
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life. - Seneca the Younger
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise. - Horace
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again. - Og Mandino
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Your life will never be the same again. - Og Mandino
Begin now to be what you will be hereafter. - St. Jerome
Begin to weave and God will give you the thread.  - German Proverb 
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.  - Henry Van Dyke
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars. - Henry van Dyke Jr.
Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted. - Roy T. Bennett
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.  - William Shakespeare
Be great in act, as you have been in thought. - William Shakespeare
Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more. - Mother Teresa
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated? - David Bader
Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain. - Bob Dylan
Behind every cloud is another cloud. - Judy Garland
Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. - Don Miguel Ruiz
Being a good example is the best form of service. - Sathya Sai Baba
Being angry never solves anything.  - Catherine Pulsifer
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.  - Lao Tzu
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise. - Sigmund Freud
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn. - Benjamin Franklin
Being in a good frame of mind helps keep one in the picture of health. - Unknown
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?  - Confucius
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise? - Confucius
Being In The Present Means Tuning Out Distractions And Paying Attention To What Is Important, Now. - Spencer Johnson
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day. - 
Being wrong brings the opportunity for growth. - Mark Manson
Being wrong opens us up to the possibility of change. - Mark Manson
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.   - Dalai Lama 
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. - Dalai Lama
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.   - Marie Curie 
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. - Marie Curie
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.  - Ralph Emerson
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Belief creates the actual fact. - William James
Believe and you're halfway there. - Harry S. Truman
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things. - Joe Paterno
Believe in one thing too much and you have no room for new ideas.   - Ray Bradbury
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. - Roy T. Bennett
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. - Norman Vincent Peale
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine. - Roy T. Bennett
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.   - Buddha
Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see. - Edgar Allan Poe
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. - William James
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Believe you can and you will be halfway there. - Lolly Daskal
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get there. - Bob Proctor
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.  - Kahlil Gibran
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun. - Kahlil Gibran
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind. - Roy T. Bennett
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. - Wayne Dyer
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.   - William Shakespeare 
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. - William Shakespeare
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.  - Chinese Proverb
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be. - Thomas à Kempis
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.  - Thomas Kempis
Be not glad at the misfortune of another, though he may be your enemy.  - George Washington
Be of good cheer about death, and know this of a truth, that no evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death. - Socrates
Be patient and calm; no one can catch fish in anger. - Herbert Hoover
Be polite to all, but intimate with few. - Thomas Jefferson
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work. - Gustave Flaubert
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing. - Benjamin Franklin
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.  - Cervantes
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant. - Isocrates
Best be yourself, imperial, plain, and true. - Robert Browning
Be still when you have nothing to say; when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot. - D. H. Lawrence
Be strong. Be confident. Be the star of your own life. - Estee Lauder
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.   - Abraham Lincoln
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. - Abraham Lincoln
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it's all an experience. - Roy T. Bennett
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.  - Oprah Winfrey
Be the change that you want to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
Be the change that you want to see in the world.  - Mohandas Gandhi 
Be the chief but never the lord.   - Lao Tzu 
Be the chief but never the lord. - Laozi
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people. - Roy T. Bennett
Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior. You are beneath the thinker. - Eckhart Tolle
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece - John Wooden
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day. - John Wooden
Be truthful about your emotions, and use your mind and emotions in your favor, not against yourself. - Robert Kiyosaki
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without one. - Chinese Proverb
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.  - Publilius Syrus
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it. - Publilius Syrus
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own. - Aesop
Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things. - The Buddha
Better late than never. - Spencer Johnson
Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace. - Buddha
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.   - Buddha
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. - The Buddha
Better than a thousand useless words is one useful word, upon hearing which one attains peace. - The Buddha
Better the cottage where one is merry than the palace where one weeps. - Chinese Proverb
Better to die fighting for freedom than be a prisoner all the days of your life. - Bob Marley
Better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have. - Franz Kafka
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all. - Augustine of Hippo
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.  - St. Augustine
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.  - Chinese Proverb
Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out. - Iris Murdoch
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow. - Aesop
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. - Bernard Shaw
Beware of false knowledge, it is more dangerous than ignorance. - George Bernard Shaw
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late some day.  - Franz Liszt 
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday. - Franz Liszt
Beware of the half truth. You may have gotten hold of the wrong half. - 
Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are. - Julius Charles Hare
Be where your enemy is not. - Sun Tzu
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. - Dr. Seuss
Be willing to be a beginner every single morning. - Meister Eckhart
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket. - Doug Horton
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken  - Oscar Wilde
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
Big people don't make people feel small. - Robin Sharma
Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.  - Ella Williams
Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.  - Luisa Sigea
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Albert Camus
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall be disappointed. - Jonathan Swift
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed. - Alexander Pope
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.  - Alexander Pope
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed. - Alexander Pope
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.  -  Leo Aikman 
Bloom where you are planted! - Mary Engelbreit
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.  - Plato
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind. - Plato
Bold is not the act of foolishness but the attribute and inner strength to act when others will not so as to move forward not backward.  - Byron Pulsifer
Boldness makes even the smallest animal dangerous. - Robert Greene
Both formerly and now, it is only suffering that I describe, and the cessation of suffering. - The Buddha
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.  - Ralph Emerson
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.  - Knute Rockne
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does. - Jane Austen
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is. - Alan Watts
But better die than live mechanically a life that is a repetition of repetitions. - D. H. Lawrence
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine. - Thomas Jefferson
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything. - Alan Watts
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. - Ernest Hemingway
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be. - Alan Watts
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint. - Edmund Burke
By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy. - Jane Roberts
By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.  - Nikos Kazantzakis
By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it. - Nikos Kazantzakis
By changing nothing, nothing changes. - Celestine Chua
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. - Benjamin Franklin
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm. - Dalai Lama
By going within. Nowhere you can go is more peaceful - more free of interruptions - than your own soul. - Marcus Aurelius
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.   - Lao Tzu 
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning. - Laozi
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future. - Thich Nhat Hanh
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.  - Thomas Carlyle 
By nature, man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears. - Thomas Carlyle
By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure. - The Buddha
By perseverance the snail reached the ark. - Charles Spurgeon
By the practice of meditation, you will find that you are carrying within your heart a portable paradise. - Paramahansa Yogananda
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest. - Confucius
By words the mind is winged. - Aristophanes
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there? - Richard Bach
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?   - Sun Tzu 
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can? - Sun Tzu
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner. - Lao Tzu
Catch, then, O catch the transient hour; Improve each moment as it flies!  - St. Jerome
Cease striving. Then there will be transformation. - Zhuangzi
Ceasing to do evil, Cultivating the good, Purifying the heart: This is the teaching of the Buddhas. - The Buddha
Challenge yourself to find the good and beautiful thing inside of everyone. - Mark Manson
Champions keep playing until they get it right. - Billie Jean King
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.  - Ovid
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. - Ovid
Change begets change. Nothing propagates so fast. - Charles Dickens
Change happens when the pain of holding on becomes greater than the fear of letting go. - Spencer Johnson
Change in all things is sweet.   - Aristotle 
Change in all things is sweet. - Aristotle
Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end. - Robin Sharma
Change is hardest at the beginning, messiest in the middle and best at the end. - Robin Sharma
Change is inevitable but personal growth is a choice. - Bob Proctor
Change is never easy, but always possible. - Barack Obama
Change is not a four letter word...but often your reaction to it is! - Jeffrey Gitomer
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. - John F. Kennedy
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.  - John Kennedy
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.  - Denis Waitley
Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. - Barack Obama
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. - Barack Obama
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.  - Barack Obama
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. - Simone de Beauvoir
Change yourself and you have done your part in changing the world. - Paramahansa Yogananda
Change yourself - you are in control. - Mahatma Gandhi
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
Change your thoughts, change your life!  - 
Change your words. Change your world. - 
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.  - Richard Garriott
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites. - Richard Garriott
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.   - Buddha 
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.  - Helen Keller
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved. - Helen Keller
Character develops itself in the stream of life.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Character develops itself in the stream of life. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Character is destiny. - Heraclitus
Character is doing what you don't want to do but know you should do. - Joyce Meyer
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.  - Abraham Lincoln
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. - Elbert Hubbard
Chase your passion, not your pension.  - Denis Waitley
Cherish forever what makes you unique, cuz you're really a yawn if it goes. - Bette Midler
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.   - Napoleon Hill 
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.   - Napoleon Hill 
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. - Napoleon Hill
Children are our greatest natural resource. - Herbert Hoover
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.   - Confucius 
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.  - Confucius
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
Choose to be optimistic, it feels better. - Dalai Lama
Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice.  - Henry Ford
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him. - James Allen
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.  - Herodotus
Cleverness is not wisdom. - Euripides
Closing your eyes and listening to silence is self-care. - Maxime Lagace
Comedy = tragedy + time. - Carol Burnett
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. - Edward Everett Hale
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success.  - Henry Ford
Commitment is an act, not a word. - Jean-Paul Sartre
Common sense is not so common.  - Voltaire
Communications tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring. - Clay Shirky
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength. - Dalai Lama
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork. - Sam Ewing
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. - Pablo Picasso
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to focus. - Alexander Graham Bell
Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty. - Ronald Reagan
Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence. - The Buddha
Confidence breeds beauty.   - Estee Lauder
Confidence comes from crossing thresholds. - Kamal Ravikant
Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong. - Unknown
Confidence is consistency of thinking about what is possible and how to make it possible. - John Eliot
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. - Vince Lombardi
Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back. - Criss Jami
Confidence is not a guarantee of success, but a pattern of thinking that will improve your likelihood of success, a tenacious search for ways to make things work. - John Eliot
Confidence is the greatest friend. - Lao Tzu
Confidence is what you have before you understand the problem. - Woody Allen
Conflict cannot survive without your participation.  - Wayne Dyer
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.  - John Dewey
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving. - John Dewey
Confuse them with your silence and amaze them with your actions. - Unknown
Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth. - The Buddha
Conquer the devils with a little thing called love. - Bob Marley
Conscience is a dog that does not stop us from passing but that we cannot prevent from barking. - Nicolas Chamfort
Conscience is a man's compass.  - Vincent van Gogh
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health. - Dalai Lama
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health. - Dalai Lama
Consider the rights of others before your own feelings, and the feelings of others before your own rights. - John Wooden
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.  - Albert Schweitzer
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate. - Albert Schweitzer
Constantly seek criticism. A well thought out critique of whatever you're doing is as valuable as gold. - Elon Musk
Constantly think about how you could be doing things better. - Elon Musk
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. - Pope John XXIII
Consult your friend on all things, especially on those which respect yourself. His counsel may then be useful where your own self-love might impair your judgement. - Seneca
Contemplation often makes life miserable.  We should act more, think less, and stop watching ourselves live. - Nicolas Chamfort
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential. - Winston Churchill
Continuous effort—not strength or intelligence—is the key to unlocking our potential. - Winston Churchill
Convinced myself, I seek not to convince. - Edgar Allan Poe
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Correct what you can. Learn from what you can't. - Toni Morrison
Count your joys instead of your woes. Count your friends instead of your foes. - 
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of a readiness to die. - Gilbert Chesterton
Courage Is a Love Affair with the Unknown - Osho
Courage is fear that has said its prayers and decided to go forward anyway. - Joyce Meyer
Courage is found in unlikely places. - J.R.R. Tolkien
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.  - Winston Churchill
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Courage is knowing what not to fear. - Plato
Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.  - Byron Pulsifer 
Courage is not having the strength to go on; it is going on when you don't have the strength. - Theodore Roosevelt
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.  - Pat Riley
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear. - Pat Riley
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear. - Mark Twain
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others. - Winston Churchill
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose. - 
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace. - Amelia Earhart
Courage is the willingness to engage in a risk-taking behavior regardless of whether the consequences are unknown or possibly adverse. - Alfred Adler
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.   - Winston Churchill
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
Create with the heart; build with the mind. - Criss Jami
Creative endeavors are by their nature uncertain. - Robert Greene
Creative people are often found either disagreeable or intimidating by mediocrities. - Criss Jami
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.  - Rita Mae Brown
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. - Rita Mae Brown
Creativity is intelligence having fun. - Albert Einstein
Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence. - Osho
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.  - Erich Fromm
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing. - Aristotle
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness. - Steve Maraboli
Cultivate the merry heart, develop the happiness habit, and life will become a continual feast. - Norman Vincent Peale
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom. - Plato
Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own. Imagination is a force that can actually manifest a reality. - James Cameron
Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own. - James Cameron
Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order. - Samuel Beckett
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Darkness is the absence of light. - Kamal Ravikant
Darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines, it will shine out the clearer. - J.R.R. Tolkien
Death is as sure for that which is born, as birth is for that which is dead. Therefore grieve not for what is inevitable. - Bhagavad Gita
Death is not an ending. It is a transformation. - Ming-Dao Deng
Death is not sad; the sad thing is that most people don't really live at all. - Dan Millman
Death smiles at us all. All we can do is smile back. - Marcus Aurelius
Death walks faster than the wind and never returns what he has taken. - Hans Christian Andersen
Decide upon your major definite purpose in life and then organize all your activities around it. - Brian Tracy
Decide what your truth is. Then live it. - Kamal Ravikant
Decide whether or not the goal is worth the risks involved. If it is, stop worrying. - Amelia Earhart
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.  - Paul Tillich
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free. - Paul Tillich
Deeds of kindness are equal in weight to all the commandments.  - Talmud
Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.   - Sue Patton Thoele 
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.  - W. Clement Stone
Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined. - Toni Morrison
Deliberately seek the company of people who influence you to think and act on building the life you desire. - Napoleon Hill
Delight in heedfulness! Guard well your thoughts! - The Buddha
Democracy's premise rests on the notion that the collective wisdom of the majority will prove right more often than it's wrong; that given sufficient opportunity in the pursuit of happiness, your population will develop its talents, its intellect, its better judgment; that over time its capacity for discernment and self-correction will be enlarged. - Ben Fountain
Desire for the fruits of work must never be your motive in working. - Bhagavad Gita
Desire is suffering. - Naval Ravikant
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. - Thomas Jefferson
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.   - Brian Tracy 
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. - Dale Carnegie
Difficult and meaningful will always bring more satisfaction than easy and meaningless. - Maxime Lagace
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.  - William Channing
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict. - William Ellery Channing
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.   - Epictetus 
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are. - Epictetus
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.   - Seneca
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations. - Unknown
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. - Jim Rohn
Discipline is the mark of intelligent living. - Sathya Sai Baba
Discipline yourself, and others won't need to. - John Wooden
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. - Thomas Edison
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.  - Jonathan Swift 
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought. - Jonathan Swift
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves. - Henry David Thoreau
Distant water does not put out a nearby fire. - Chinese Proverb
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.  - Rene Descartes
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it. - René Descartes
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
Do anything, but let it produce joy. - Walt Whitman
Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a raven which is inspired by the smell of carrion? - Friedrich Nietzsche
Do every act of your life as if it were your last. - Marcus Aurelius
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.  - Alexander Pope
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. - Alexander Pope
Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day. - Roy T. Bennett
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing. - Lao Tzu
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing. - Laozi
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment. - Oprah Winfrey
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.   - Wayne Dyer 
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.  -  Wayne Dyer 
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.  - Wayne Dyer
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. - Wayne Dyer
Do I speak at the right time, or not? Do I speak of facts, or not? Do I speak gently or harshly? Do I speak profitable words or not? Do I speak with a kindly heart, or inwardly malicious? - The Buddha
Do more than belong: participate. Do more than care: help. Do more than believe: practice. Do more than be fair: be kind. Do more than forgive: forget. Do more than dream: work.  - William Ward 
Do more than dream: work.   - William Arthur Ward 
Do more than dream: work. - William Arthur Ward
Do not allow your inner doubts to keep you from achieving what you can do. - Lolly Daskal
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. - Benjamin Franklin
Do not be awe struck by other people and try to copy them. Nobody can be you as efficiently as you can. - Norman Vincent Peale
Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.  - Thomas Carlyle
Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education. - Thomas Carlyle
Do not believe that you will reach your destination without leaving the shore.  - Chinese Proverb
Do not be so open-minded that your brains fall out. - Gilbert Chesterton
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.  - Ralph Emerson
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure, till you know there is no hook beneath it. - Thomas Jefferson
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.  - Buddha
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha
Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.  - Tomas Eliot
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying. - Roy T. Bennett
Do not fight with pigs - you will be smeared in mud but the pig will like it. - George Bernard Shaw
Do not follow the ideas of others, but learn to listen to the voice within yourself. - Dogen
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.  - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do. - Dhammapada
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.  - Ralph Emerson 
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not ignore the passion that burns in you. Spend time to discover your gift. - Steve Harvey
Do not ignore your gift. Your gift is the thing you do the absolute best with the least amount of effort. - Steve Harvey
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. - Andrew Carnegie
Do not look upon this world with fear and loathing. Bravely face whatever the gods offer. - Morihei Ueshiba
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself. - Henry James
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.   - Buddha 
Do not regret the past. Look to the future. - Soyen Shaku
Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. - The Buddha
Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. - Elbert Hubbard
Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment. - Dogen
Do not try to be on the side of the majority, but live according to your inner laws. - Marcus Aurelius
Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.  - Publilius Syrus
Do not turn back when you are just at the goal. - Publilius Syrus
Do not use life to give life to death. Do not use death to bring death to life. - Zhuangzi
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.   - Mother Teresa 
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. - Mother Teresa
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. - George Herbert
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.  - Ralph Emerson
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater. - Albert Einstein
Don't allow your mind to tell your heart what to do. The mind gives up easily. - Paulo Coelho
Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you. - Dale Carnegie
Don't be afraid of missing opportunities. Behind every failure is an opportunity somebody wishes they had missed. - Lily Tomlin
Don't be afraid that you do not know something. Be afraid of not learning about it. - Zen Proverb
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Don't be afraid to go slowly. Be afraid of stopping. - Zen Proverb
Don't be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone. - Unknown
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends. - Richard Bach
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly. - Richard Bach
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams. - Unknown
Don't blame others. it won't make you a better person. - Lolly Daskal
Don't change your mind just because people are offended; change your mind if you're wrong. - Criss Jami
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got. - Janis Joplin
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss
Don't ever be afraid to put yourself in a lesser position so that you can learn something from someone who knows more. - Steve Harvey
Don't ever save anything for a special occasion. Being alive is the special occasion. - Mary Engelbreit
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it. - Epictetus
Don't gain the world and lose your soul. Wisdom is better than silver and gold. - Bob Marley
Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you. - John Wooden
Don't hate the player. Change the game. - Steve Harvey
Don´t hesitate or allow yourself to make excuses. Just get out and do it. - Christopher McCandless
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Don't just sit there. Do something. The answers will follow. - Mark Manson
Don't learn to do, but learn in doing. - Samuel Butler
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could. - Charles Dickens
Don't let anyone define you. You define yourself. - Billie Jean King
Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life. - John Wooden
Don't let someone elses. opinion become your reality. - Les Brown
Don't let the behavior of others destroy your inner peace. - Dalai Lama
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. - Robert Kiyosaki
Don't let them drag you down by rumors. Just go with what you believe in. - Michael Jordan
Don't let the noise of others opinions drown out your inner voice. - Steve Jobs
Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. - Steve Jobs
Don't let the past steal your present. - Cherralea Morgen
Don't let the silly little dramas of each day get you down. For you are here to do great things. - Ralph Marston
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
Don't Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today. - Will Rogers
Don't let your learning lead to knowledge. Let your learning lead to action. - Jim Rohn
Don't let your mind stop you. - Steve Harvey
Don't listen to the person who has the answers; listen to the person who has the questions. - Albert Einstein
Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life. - Robin Sharma
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you. - Satchel Paige
Don't look back - you're not going that way. - Mary Engelbreit
Don't look for meaning in the words. Listen to the silences. - Samuel Beckett
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability. - John Wooden
Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you're ever living is in this moment. - Celestine Chua
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past. - Ellen Gilchrist
Don’t sacrifice your own welfare for that of another, no matter how great. Realizing your own true welfare, be intent on just that. - The Buddha
Don't seek, don't avoid, don't expect. Take what comes and be happy. - Maxime Lagace
Don’t seek, don’t search, don’t ask, don’t knock, don’t demand – relax. If you relax, it comes. If you relax, it is there. If you relax, you start vibrating with it. - Osho
Don't seek, don't search, don't ask, don't knock, don't demand - relax. - Osho
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself. - Oprah Winfrey
Don't set your own goals by what other people make important. - Lolly Daskal
Don't shortchange yourself when it comes to investing in your own better future. - Jim Rohn
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade. - Leo Buscaglia
Don't spend major time on minor things. - Jim Rohn
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. - Coco Chanel
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done. - Marilyn Monroe
Don't stumble over something that's behind you. - Steve Harvey
Don't take yourself too seriously, pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives. - Betty White
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do. - Thomas Jefferson
Don't think money does everything or you are going to end up doing everything for money. - Voltaire
Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.  - Robert Orben
Don't try to be young. Just open your mind. Stay interested in stuff. - Betty White
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them. - Richard Bach
Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. - Orison Swett Marden
Don't wait for the right opportunity: create it. - George Bernard Shaw
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.   - Napoleon Hill 
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. - Napoleon Hill
Don't waste time on excuses. Just get it done. - Ralph Marston
Don't waste your energy on being angry at something that somebody did six months ago or a year ago. It's over. - Joan Rivers
Don't waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy. - Roy T. Bennett
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. - Jim Rohn
Don't worry about being successful, but work toward being significant and the success will naturally follow. - Oprah Winfrey
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats. - Howard H. Aiken
Do one thing every day that scares you.  - Eleanor Roosevelt 
Do one thing every day that scares you. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Do, or do not. There is no try.  - Yoda
Do Something. If it works, do more of it. If it doesn't, do something else. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Do something to move yourself toward your major goal every day. - Brian Tracy
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.   - Albert Schweitzer 
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. - Albert Schweitzer
Do something worth remembering. - Elvis Presley
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. - Benjamin Franklin
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. - Laozi
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. - Lao Tzu
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. - Dale Carnegie
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. - Oprah Winfrey
Doubt is an uncomfortable condition, but certainty is a ridiculous one. - Voltaire
Do what is right, not what is easy, nor what is popular. - Roy T. Bennett
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.  - Forrest Church
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are. - Forrest Church
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear? - Lao Tzu
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play. - Mike Singletary (basketball)
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself. - Andrew Carnegie
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. - Thomas Jefferson
Dream barriers look very high until someone climbs them. They are not barriers any more. - Lasse Viren
Dream big and dare to fail. - Norman Vaughan
Dream big. Start small. But most of all, start. - Simon Sinek
Dreams are for dreamers. Goals are for achievers. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Dreams are the royal road to the unconscious.  - Sigmund Freud
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters. - Henry David Thoreau
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.  - John Updike
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. - John Updike
Dreams do come true, if we only wish hard enough, You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it. - James Matthew Barrie
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely. - William Faulkner
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.  - Anais Nin
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living. - Anaïs Nin
Dreams provide nourishment for the soul, just as a meal does for the body. - Paulo Coelho
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good. - The Buddha
Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully.   - Zig Ziglar
Each day, accept everything that comes to you as a gift. At night, mentally give it all back. In this way, you become free. - Daniel Levin
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.  - George Matthew Adams
Each day provides it's own gifts. - Marcus Aurelius
Each day provides its own gifts.   - Marcus Aurelius 
Each day provides its own gifts. - Marcus Aurelius
Each day your life grows a day shorter. Make every move count. - Ming-Dao Deng
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born. - Anaïs Nin
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.  - Ralph Emerson
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.   - Og Mandino
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck. - Og Mandino
Each of us is a unique strand in the intricate web of life and here to make a contribution. - Deepak Chopra
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game. - Voltaire
Each problem has a positive side. - Og Mandino
Each time we don't say what we wanna say, we're dying. - Yoko Ono
Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing. - 
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times. - Napoleon Hill
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. - Aristotle
Education breeds confidence. Confidence breeds hope. Hope breeds peace. - Confucius
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. - Nelson Mandela
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.  - Peter Drucker
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things. - Peter Drucker
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. - Napoleon Hill
Eighty percent of success is showing up.  - Woody Allen
Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen
Either get busy living or get busy dying. - Stephen King
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.  - Philip Sidney
Either I will find a way, or I will make one. - Philip Sidney
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. - Benjamin Franklin
Either you choose to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out into the ocean. - Christopher Reeve
Either you run the day or the day runs you.  - Jim Rohn 
Either you run the day or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn
Elegance does not consist in putting on a new dress. - Coco Chanel
Emancipate yourself from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our mind. - Bob Marley
Embrace the life you have and stop wishing that you could be someone else. - Joyce Meyer
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for. - Socrates
Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water. - Bruce Lee
Empty yourself of everything - let the mind become still. - Lao Tzu
Engage in those actions and thoughts that nurture the good qualities you want to have. - Paramahansa Yogananda
Enjoy every minute of life. Never second-guess life. - Michael Jordan
Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead. - Hans Christian Andersen
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. - Robert Brault
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Enlightenment is intimacy with all things. - Dogen
Enthusiasm makes up for a host of deficiencies. - Barack Obama
Error is discipline through which we advance.  - Channing
Error is discipline through which we advance. - William Ellery Channing
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it. - Woody Allen
Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science. Truth is what stands the test of experience. - Albert Einstein
Ethics change with technology. - Larry Niven
Even a hare will bite when it is cornered.  - Chinese Proverb
Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship? - Dalai Lama
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.  - Martin Luther
Even if our home burns down we can rebuild it. But the things that we got for nothing, we can never replace. - Earl Nightingale
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
Even if you're sure you can win, be careful that you can live with what you lose. - Gary Keller
Even if you stumble and fall down, it doesn't mean you've chosen the wrong path. - Zen Proverb
Even in the grave, all is not lost. - Edgar Allan Poe
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust. - Sun Tzu
Even the smallest person can change the course of the future. - J.R.R. Tolkien
Even though you are on the right track - you will get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
Even when a friend does something you do not like, he continues to be your friend.  - Genghis Khan
Even when you think you have your life all mapped out, things happen that shape your destiny in ways you might never have imagined. - Deepak Chopra
Even youngish men can acquire wisdom as time goes by. - John Bercow
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.  - Samuel Beckett
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. - Samuel Beckett
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity. - Edwin Chapin
Every act of creation is first an act of destruction. - Pablo Picasso
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.  - Napoleon Hill
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. - Napoleon Hill
Every adversity, every failure, every heartbreak, carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. - Napoleon Hill
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.  - Henry Ward Beecher
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. - Henry Ward Beecher
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse. - Paulo Coelho
Everybody by your side ain't on your side. - Steve Harvey
Everybody has talent, but ability takes hard work. - Michael Jordan
Everybody's life is either rewarding or an example. - Tony Robbins
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow. - Unknown
Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving. - Albert Einstein
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is. - Bob Feller
Every day is an opportunity to a make a new happy ending. - Jonathan Swift
Everyday is a second chance. - Unknown
Every day I shall put my papers in order and every day I shall say farewell. And the real farewell, when it comes, will only be a small outward confirmation of what has been accomplished within me from day to day. - Etty Hillesum
Every day is lost in which we do not learn something useful. Man has no nobler or more valuable possession than time. - Thomas Jefferson
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day. - Unknown
Every day passes whether you participate or not. - Ming-Dao Deng
Everyday you can take a tiny step in the right direction. - Unknown
Every defeat, every heartbreak every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time. - Og Mandino
Every drop in the ocean counts.  - Yoko Ono
Every experience is a lesson. Every loss is a gain. - Sathya Sai Baba
Every failure brings with it the seed of an equivalent success. - Napoleon Hill
Every friendship goes through ups and downs. Dysfunctional patterns set in; external situations cause internal friction; you grow apart and then bounce back together. - Mariella Frostrup
Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different. - Nargis Fakhri
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.   - Richard Bach 
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness. - Richard Bach
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.   - John Dewey
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination. - John Dewey
Every great change is preceded by chaos. - Deepak Chopra
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.  - Harriet Tubman
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. - Harriet Tubman
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.  - Pearl Buck
Every hour of every day is an unspeakably perfect miracle. - Walt Whitman
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.   - Buddha
Every limit is a beginning as well as an ending. - George Eliot
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. - 
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny. - Bob Marley
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit. - Elbert Hubbard
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.  - Channing
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him. - William Ellery Channing
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.  - Voltaire
Every man's work, whether it be literature or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself. - Samuel Butler
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.  - Arthur Schopenhauer
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Every moment is a fresh beginning. - T.S. Eliot
Every moment of happiness requires a great amount of Ignorance - Honore de Balzac
Every moment you get is a gift. Spend it on things that matter. Don't spend it by dwelling on unhappy things. - Celestine Chua
Every new day is another chance to change your life. - 
Every night before going to sleep, we must ask ourselves: what weakness did I overcome today? What virtue did I acquire? - Seneca
Everyone can rise above their circumstances and achieve success if they are dedicated to and passionate about what they do. - Nelson Mandela
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.  - Byron Pulsifer 
Everyone faces challenges in life. It's a matter of how you learn to overcome them and using them to your advantage. - Celestine Chua
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people. - Mary Kay Ash
Everyone has a sense of humor. If you don't laugh at jokes, you probably laugh at opinions. - Criss Jami
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.   - Rumi 
Everyone has oceans to fly, if they have the heart to do it. Is it reckless? Maybe. But what do dreams know of boundaries. - Amelia Earhart
Everyone has the right to make his own decisions, but none has the right to force his decision on others. - Ayn Rand
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her. - Maria Montessori
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together. - Georg Lichtenberg
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody. - Mark Twain
Everyone must choose one of two pains: The pain of discipline or the pain of regret. - Jim Rohn
Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.  - Hasidic saying
Everyone smiles in the same language.  - 
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.  - Leo Tolstoy
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. - Leo Tolstoy
Everyone wants to go to Heaven, but no one wants to die. - Robert Kiyosaki
Everyone you admire was once a beginner. - Jack Butcher
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always. - Robin Williams
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.   - Richard Bach 
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you. - Richard Bach
Every poem should remind the reader that they are going to die. - Edgar Allan Poe
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.   - Richard Bach 
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands. - Richard Bach
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future. - Oscar Wilde
Every second you have on this planet is very precious and it's your responsibility that you're happy. - Naval Ravikant
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you’ll never get back. - 
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.  - Babe Ruth
Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy. - Celestine Chua
Everything can be taken from a man but ... the last of the human freedoms — to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way.  - Victor Frankl
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. - Thomas Edison
Everything eaten is killed. Every meal is a sacrifice. - Adi Da Samraj
Everything flows, nothing stands still. - Heraclitus
Everything great that has ever happened to humanity has begun as a single thought in someone's mind. - Yanni
Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it. - Confucius
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.   - Confucius 
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. - Confucius
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.  - Confucius
Everything in life is luck.   - Donald Trump 
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.  - Ralph Emerson
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Everything is created twice, first in the mind and then in reality. - Robin Sharma
Everything is in your own heart. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Everything is perfect in the universe — even your desire to improve it.   - Wayne Dyer
Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer. - Dan Brown
Everything starts with a dream. A particle of our imagination that teases us of what the future could be like, as long as we fight for it. - Gurbaksh Chahal
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.   - Marcus Aurelius 
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be. - Marcus Aurelius
Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so. - Marcus Aurelius
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.   - Marcus Aurelius 
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves. - Carl Jung
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.  - Carl Jung
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.   - Carl Jung 
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.  - Carl Jung
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. - Carl Jung
Everything that irritates us about others. - Carl Jung
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope. - Martin Luther
Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees. - Rumi
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.  - Marcus Aurelius 
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. - Marcus Aurelius
Everything will be ok in the end. If it's not ok, it's not the end. - John Lennon
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.   - Wayne Dyer
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you. - Wayne Dyer
Everything you can imagine is real.   - Pablo Picasso 
Everything you can imagine is real. - Pablo Picasso
Everything you look at can become a fairy tale and you can get a story from everything you touch. - Hans Christian Andersen
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - Brian Tracy
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future. - Deepak Chopra
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. - Mother Teresa
Every traveler has a home of his own, and he learns to appreciate it the more from his wandering. - Charles Dickens
Evil is whatever distracts.  - Franz Kafka
Example has more followers than reason.  - Christian Bovee
Excellence can be obtained if you care more than others think is wise, risk more than others think is safe, dream more than others think is practical, expect more than others think is possible. - 
Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude. - Colin Powell
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.  - Ralph Marston
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. - Ralph Marston
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way. - Booker T. Washington
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.  - Booker Washington
Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it. - Aristotle
Exceptional thinkers ignore their critics and go about their business making history. - John Eliot
Excuses are the lies you convince yourself are true to avoid proving you are worthy of the gift you were given. - Steve Harvey
Expect the best of yourself, and then do what is necessary to make it a reality. - Ralph Marston
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.  - Denis Waitley
Experience can only be gained by doing not by thinking or dreaming.   - Byron Pulsifer
Experience is a comb which nature gives us when we are bald.  - Chinese Proverb
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.   - Aldous Huxley
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him. - Aldous Huxley
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you. - Aldous Huxley
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.  - Oscar Wilde
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. - Oscar Wilde
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.  - Benjamin Franklin
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other. - Benjamin Franklin
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship. - Marilyn Monroe
Extraordinary results happen only when you give the best you have to become the best you can be at your most important work. - Gary Keller
Face what you think you believe and you will be surprised.    - William White
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.  - Helen Keller 
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight. - Helen Keller
Facts are the enemy of truth.  - Miguel de Cervantes
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet. - Robert Schuller
Failure is acceptable. Not trying is a whole different ball park. - Michael Jordan
Failure is a great teacher. If you're open to it every mistake has a lesson to offer. - Oprah Winfrey
Failure is an option, fear is not. - James Cameron
Failure is feedback. Learn from it and move on. - Jack Butcher
Failure is just information and an opportunity to change your course. - Oprah Winfrey
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be. - John Wooden
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something. - Morihei Ueshiba
Failure means you've now learned another valuable lesson that pushes you one step closer to success. - Steve Harvey
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.   - Og Mandino
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. - Og Mandino
Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction--faith in fiction is a damnable false hope. - Thomas Edison
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.   - Michelangelo 
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. - Michelangelo
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Faith means believing the unbelievable. - Gilbert Chesterton
Fallacies do not cease to be fallacies because they become fashions. - Gilbert Chesterton
Falling down is not failure. Failure comes when you stay where you have fallen. - Socrates
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports. - Richard Burton
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.  - Holmes
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Family not only needs to consist of merely those whom we share blood, but also of those whom we'd give blood. - Charles Dickens
Fans don't boo nobodies. - Reggie Jackson (basketball, born 1990)
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. - Theodore Roosevelt
Fate is in your hands and no one elses  - Byron Pulsifer
Faults are yours to fix, not to curse. - Colin Powell
Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free. - Stephen King
Fear does not have any special power unless you empower it by submitting to it. - Les Brown
Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light. - Dorothy Thompson
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light. - Dorothy Thompson
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.  - Usman Asif 
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth. - Pema Chodron
Fear is stupid. So are regrets. - Marilyn Monroe
Fear is what stops you. Courage is what keeps you going. - Unknown
Fear is your worst enemy. Risk is your best friend. - Gurbaksh Chahal
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends. - Shirley MacLaine
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past. - Percy Bysshe Shelley
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.  - Percy Shelley
Fear not the path of Truth for the lack of People walking on it. - Robert F. Kennedy
Fear of death is fear of surrender to Infinity. Learn to surrender, to exist at Infinity while alive, and fear of death dissolves. - Adi Da Samraj
Fear of death is fear of the Unknown. - Adi Da Samraj
Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.  - Byron Pulsifer
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.   - Napoleon Hill 
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind. - Napoleon Hill
Fear, uncertainty, and discomfort are your compasses toward growth. - Celestine Chua
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.  - Albert Einstein
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations. - Albert Einstein
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions. - Albert Einstein
Few things are more deceptive than memories. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself; but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation.  - Robert Kennedy
Fiction is the truth inside the lie. - Stephen King
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story. - Casey Stengel
Find something you love and do it better than everyone else. - Gurbaksh Chahal
Find the game where you can win, and then commit your life to playing it; and play to win. - Robert Kiyosaki
Find your Light; They can't love you if they can't see you. - Bette Midler
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue  - Confucius
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue - Confucius
First comes the shy wish. Then you must have the heart to have the dream. Then, you work, and work.   - Estee Lauder
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.  - Napoleon Hill
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination. - Napoleon Hill
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. - Epictetus
First-rate people hire first-rate people; second-rate people hire third-rate people. - Leo Rosten
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.  - Epictetus
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure. - Douglas Adams
Fishing is much more than fish. - Herbert Hoover
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate. - Zhuang Zhou
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate. - Chuang Tzu
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. - John Carmack
FOCUS - Follow One Course Until Successful - Robert Kiyosaki
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled. - Barack Obama
Focus is a matter of deciding what things you're not going to do. - John Carmack
Focus on how far you have come in life rather than looking at the accomplishments of others. - Lolly Daskal
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.   - Peter Drucker 
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action. - Peter Drucker
Follow the man who seeks the truth; run from the man who has found it. - Vaclav Havel
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think. - Roy T. Bennett
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself. - Oprah Winfrey
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.  - Chinese Proverb
Fools read fast. Geniuses reread. - Maxime Lagace
Fools resist. The wise embrace. - Maxime Lagace
Fools talk, cowards are silent, wise men listen. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference. - Robert Griffin III
For all evils there are two remedies - time and silence. - Alexandre Dumas
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone. - Audrey Hepburn
Force has no place where there is need of skill.  - Herodotus
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent. - Tony Robbins
Forever is composed of now's. - Emily Dickinson
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. - Mary Kay Ash
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.  - William Blake
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life. - William Blake
For fast-acting relief try slowing down. - Lily Tomlin
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.  - Robert Anthony 
Forget mistakes. Forget failure. Forget everything except what you are going to do now and do it. Today is your lucky day! - Og Mandino
Forget safety. Live where you fear to live. - Rumi
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future. - Paul Boese
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love. - Mahatma Gandhi
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.  - Mohandas Gandhi
Forgiveness is that subtle thread that binds both love and friendship. Without forgiveness, you may not even have a child one day. - George Foreman
Forgive those who have hurt you. - Les Brown
Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on. - Les Brown
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. - Judy Garland
Formal education will make you a living, self-education will make you a fortune. - Jim Rohn
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.  - Tom Peters
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver. - Tom Peters
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.   - Harry Banks 
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them. - Aristotle
For things to change, you have to change. - Jim Rohn
Fortunate are those who take the first steps. - Paulo Coelho
Fortune befriends the bold.  - John Dryden
Fortune favors the brave. - Virgil
Fortune favours the brave. - Virgil
For your life to be great, your faith must be bigger than your fear. - Robin Sharma
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.    - William Arthur Ward
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. - William Arthur Ward
Freedom from desire leads to inner peace. - Lao Tzu
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err. - Mahatma Gandhi
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.  - Mohandas Gandhi
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control. - Epictetus
Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity. - Herbert Hoover
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.   - Epictetus 
Freedom is the right to live as we wish. - Epictetus
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you. - Jean-Paul Sartre
Freedom itself demands discomfort. - Mark Manson
Freedom lies in being bold. - Robert Frost
Freeing oneself from words is liberation.  - Bodhidharma
Friends are the siblings God never gave us. - Mencius
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.  - Ed Cunningham 
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer. - Ed Cunningham
Friends ask you questions; enemies question you. - Criss Jami
Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures. - Seneca the Younger
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth. - Herman Melville
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage. - Farhan Akhtar
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief. - Cicero
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots. - George Santayana
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation. - Paul Theroux
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. - Kahlil Gibran
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones. - Montesquieu
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another. - Eustace Budgell
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity. - Mortimer J. Adler
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another? - Thomas Jefferson
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love. - Jane Austen
Friendship is essentially a partnership. - Aristotle
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins. - Charles Eastman
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept. - Samuel Butler
Friendship is Love without his wings! - Lord Byron
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything. - Muhammad Ali
Friendship is one mind in two bodies. - Mencius
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party. - Hanya Yanagihara
Friendship is one of the most tangible things in a world which offers fewer and fewer supports. - Kenneth Branagh
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce. - Voltaire
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious. - Thomas Aquinas
Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions. - Samuel Johnson
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing. - Elie Wiesel
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship. - Lord Byron
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil. - Baltasar Gracián
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. - Dag Hammarskjöld
Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never. - Albert Camus
Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family. - Salman Rushdie
Friendship takes time and energy if it's going to work. - Betty White
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.  - Eleanor Roosevelt
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life. - James F. Byrnes
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. - Euripides
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams. - Henry David Thoreau
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached. - Franz Kafka
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.  - Sigmund Freud
From error to error one discovers the entire truth. - Sigmund Freud
From little acorns mighty oaks do grow. - American Proverb
From morning till night, we should never rely on a single thing. - Huang Po
From small beginnings come great things. - 
From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own. - Publilius Syrus
From wonder into wonder existence opens.   - Lao Tzu
Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need. - Kahlil Gibran
Genius, in truth, means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way. - William James
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.  - Thomas Edison
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. - Thomas Edison
Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. - Thomas Edison
Genius is the ability to act rightly without precedent - the power to do the right thing the first time. - Elbert Hubbard
Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun. - Franz Grillparzer
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself – if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others? - Dalai Lama
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others? - Dalai Lama
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close. - Daisaku Ikeda
Get busy living or get busy dying. - Stephen King
Get busy living, or get busy dying. - Stephen King
Get mad, then get over it. - Colin Powell
Getting lost along your path is a part of finding the path you are meant to be on. - Robin Sharma
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward. - Unknown
Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world. - Bette Midler
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. - Lao Tzu
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.   - Lao Tzu
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. - Laozi
Give credit where credit is due: simply said, if you want loyalty and best effort, you must be thoughtful.   - Estee Lauder
Give, even if you only have a little. - The Buddha
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. - Archimedes
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.  - Abraham Lincoln
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. - Abraham Lincoln
Give more than you think you can, trusting that you are richer than you think. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
Given the choice between the experience of pain and nothing, I would choose pain. - William Faulkner
Give out what you most want to come back. - Robin Sharma
Give so much away people insist on paying you. - Jack Butcher
Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.  - Hausa 
Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.  - Byron Pulsifer 
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
Giving back involves a certain amount of giving up. - Colin Powell
Giving is living. If you stop wanting to give, there's nothing more to live for. - Audrey Hepburn
Giving is the secret of a healthy life. Not necessarily money, but whatever a person has of encouragement, sympathy and understanding. - John D. Rockefeller
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.  - Brian Tracy 
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement. - Brian Tracy
Go and do the things you can't. That is how you get to do them. - Pablo Picasso
Go as far as you can see and you will see further.   - Zig Ziglar
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. - Henry David Thoreau
God always takes the simplest way.   - Albert Einstein 
God always takes the simplest way. - Albert Einstein
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. - Voltaire
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.   - William Shakespeare 
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. - William Shakespeare
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure. - Eric Liddell
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.   - Wayne Dyer
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.  - Wayne Dyer
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. - Wayne Dyer
Going back to zero can help creative juices no matter the art form you are attempting to create.  - Byron Pulsifer
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts. - Dan Gable
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose. - Woodrow Wilson
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others. - Plato
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it. - Agatha Christie
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best. - Jerome
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.  - St. Jerome
Good entrepreneurs don't fail because they stay at it. - Naval Ravikant
Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out.  - Michael Burke
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. - Will Rogers
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment. - Rita Mae Brown
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.  - Ralph Emerson
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Good luck is opportunity meeting preparedness. - Deepak Chopra
Goodness is the only investment that never fails. - Henry David Thoreau
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know. - William Saroyan
Good things aren't supposed to just fall into your lap. - Audrey Hepburn
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.  - Ralph Emerson
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. - J. Willard Marriott
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.  - Ralph Emerson
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Go to your bosom: Knock there and ask your heart what it doth know. - William Shakespeare
Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.  - William Shakespeare
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth. - Abraham Lincoln
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the paren't of all the others. - Cicero
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others. - Cicero
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.  - Doris Day
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty. - Doris Day
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.  - Henry Beecher
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul. - Henry K. Beecher
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul. - Henry Ward Beecher
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow. - Melody Beattie
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. How on earth can you explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love? Put your hand on a stove for a minute and it seems like an hour. Sit with that special girl for an hour and it seems like a minute. That's relativity. - Albert Einstein
Great acts are made up of small deeds.   - Lao Tzu 
Great acts are made up of small deeds. - Lao Tzu
Great acts are made up of small deeds. - Laozi
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.  - Ralph Emerson
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks. - Herodotus
Greatest success comes just one step beyond the point at which defeat overtakes you. - Unknown
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.  - Albert Einstein
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.   - Lao Tzu 
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven. - Laozi
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.  - Lazurus Long
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand. - Colin Powell
Great loves too must be endured. - Coco Chanel
Great minds are always feared by lesser minds. - Dan Brown
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Greatness comes from living with purpose and passion. - Ralph Marston
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength. - Henry Ward Beecher
Great ones are willing to get burned time and again as they sharpen their swords in the fire. - Josh Waitzkin
Great talent finds happiness in execution.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion. - Jack Kerouac
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. - Vincent van Gogh
Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful. - Roy T. Bennett
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom. - Rumi
Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others. - Virginia Woolf
Growth begins when we begin to accept our own weakness.   - Jean Vanier 
Growth comes at the point of resistance. - Josh Waitzkin
Growth is in a series of mistakes. That's the only way you learn. - Steve Harvey
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.  - Pearl Buck
Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something; forgiveness, however, is for those who are substantial enough to move on. - Criss Jami
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death. - Coco Chanel
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity. - Augustine of Hippo
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true. - Yogi Berra
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it. - Robert Frost
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light. - Albus Dumbledore
Happiness can exist only in acceptance. - George Orwell
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. - Denis Waitley
Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude. - Denis Waitley
Happiness comes when you believe in what you are doing, know what you are doing, and love what you are doing. - Brian Tracy
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.  - Buddha
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude. - Roy T. Bennett
Happiness depends upon ourselves.  - Aristotle
Happiness depends upon ourselves. - Aristotle
Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes. - Dalai Lama
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best. - Theodore Isaac Rubin
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little. - Cheng Yen
Happiness is a choice and a skill and you can dedicate yourself to learning that skill and making that choice. - Naval Ravikant
Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy. - Ralph Marston
Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes. - Charles Dickens
Happiness is an effect of doing what you love, not an end goal to be achieved. - Celestine Chua
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.  - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happiness is a quality of the soul...not a function of one's material circumstances. - Aristotle
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.  - Nathaniel Hawthorne
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
Happiness is a Swedish sunset — it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.  - Mark Twain
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.   - Napoleon Hill 
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing. - Napoleon Hill
Happiness is not a goal...it's a by-product of a life well lived. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.  - Franklin Roosevelt
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.   - Dalai Lama 
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them. - Steve Maraboli
Happiness is only real when shared. - Christopher McCandless
Happiness is only real, when shared. - Christopher McCandless
Happiness is pretty simple: someone to love, something to do, something to look forward to. - Rita Mae Brown
Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness. - Zhuangzi
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence. - Aristotle
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.   - Richard Bach 
Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude. - Denis Waitley
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Mahatma Gandhi
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.  - Mohandas Gandhi
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors. - Dalai Lama
Happiness must be grown in one's own garden. - Mary Engelbreit
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. - John Barrymore
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. - Democritus
Hardly anybody recognizes the most significant moments of their life at the time they happen. - W.P. Kinsella
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal. - The Buddha
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts. - Charles Dickens
Have a vision. Be demanding. - Colin Powell
Have a vision, trust yourself, break some rules, ignore the naysayers, don't be afraid to fail. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything. - Sydney Smith
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow know what you truly want to become. - Steve Jobs
Have the fearless attitude of a hero and the loving heart of a child. - Soyen Shaku
Having an open mind is one of the most important qualities we can possess. Once our minds close, we stop evolving. - Yanni
Having lots of money while not having inner peace is like dying of thirst while bathing in the ocean. - Paramahansa Yogananda
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.   - William Shakespeare 
Having nothing, nothing can he lose. - William Shakespeare
Heal the past, live the present, dream the future. - Mary Engelbreit
Heart is what separates the good from the great. - Michael Jordan
Heaven, in the production of things, is sure to be bountiful to them, according to their qualities. Hence the tree that is flourishing, it nourishes, while that which is ready to fall, it overthrows.  - Confucius
Heaven is right where you are standing. - Morihei Ueshiba
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law. - Pablo Picasso
Heedfulness is the path to the Deathless. Heedlessness is the path to death. The heedful die not. The heedless are as if already dead. - The Buddha
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends. - Oscar Wilde
He is able who thinks he is able.  - Buddha
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has. - Epictetus
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.   - Epictetus 
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose. - Jim Elliot
He is not a lover who does not love forever. - Euripides
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature. - Socrates
Hell, there are no rules here-- we're trying to accomplish something. - Thomas Edison
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours. - Les Brown
Help others and give something back. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Help others for all the times that you have been ignored. Be kind to others, for all the times that you have been scorned. - Ming-Dao Deng
Here and now...breathe and relax...in battle and in life. - Dan Millman
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it. - Napoleon Hill
Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished. If you're alive, it isn't. - Richard Bach
Heroes don't need to talk about what they did. - W.P. Kinsella
He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary.   - Seneca
He that can have patience can have what he will. - Benjamin Franklin
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.   - William Shakespeare 
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round. - William Shakespeare
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.  - Tryon Edwards
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today. - Tryon Edwards
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.  - Henry Longfellow
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
He who angers you conquers you.  - Elizabeth Kenny
He who angers you conquers you. - Elizabeth Kenny
He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake's venom that so quickly spreads, — such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin. - The Buddha
He who can, does. - George Bernard Shaw
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.  - Albert Einstein
He who cannot be a good follower cannot be a good leader. - Aristotle
He who cheats the earth will be cheated by the earth. - Chinese Proverb
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.   - Lao Tzu 
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty. - Laozi
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.   - Lao Tzu 
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. - Laozi
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg. - Chinese Proverb
He who does not trust enough, Will not be trusted.   - Lao Tzu 
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.   - Buddha
He who fails to plan, plans to fail. - Unknown
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. - Napoleon
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.   - Napoleon Bonaparte 
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything. - 
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.  - Joseph Joubert
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet. - Joseph Joubert
He who has overcome his fears will truly be free. - Aristotle
He who hath many friends hath none. - Aristotle
He who hesitates is a damned fool. - Mae West
He who is contented is rich.   - Lao Tzu 
He who is contented is rich. - Laozi
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.   - Leonardo da Vinci
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have. - Socrates
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care. - William C. Menninger
He who is untrue to his own cause cannot command the respect of others. - Albert Einstein
He who knows best knows how little he knows. - Thomas Jefferson
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.   - Lao Tzu 
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know. - Lao Tzu
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know. - Laozi
He who knows himself is enlightened.   - Lao Tzu 
He who knows himself is enlightened. - Laozi
He who knows how to wait need make no concessions. - Sigmund Freud
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.   - Lao Tzu 
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. - Laozi
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.   - Lao Tzu 
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough. - Laozi
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at. - Epictetus
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God. - Aeschylus
He who leaves the game wins it. - Nicolas Chamfort
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.   - Marcus Aurelius 
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe. - Marcus Aurelius
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world. - Marcus Aurelius
He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; but he that loses his courage loses all. - Miguel de Cervantes
He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.   - Lao Tzu 
He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.  - Richard Braunstein
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.   - Lao Tzu 
He who talks more is sooner exhausted. - Laozi
He who violates another's honor loses his own. - Publilius Syrus
He who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command. - Niccolo Machiavelli
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.  - Confucius
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own. - Confucius
He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight. - Sun Tzu
High thoughts must have high language. - Aristophanes
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy. - Woody Allen
History is written by the victors. - Winston Churchill
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.  - Winston Churchill
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. - Winston Churchill
Hold a picture of yourself long and steadily enough in your minds eye, and you will be drawn toward it.   - Napoleon Hill 
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.  - Buddha
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you. - Henry Ward Beecher
Honesty is the best policy. - Benjamin Franklin
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. - Thomas Jefferson
Honor is the foundation of courage. - Amelia Earhart
Hope and fear come from feeling that we lack something; they come from a sense of poverty. - Pema Chodron
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.  - William Sloane Coffin
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible. - William Sloane Coffin
Hope is a waking dream. - Aristotle
Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Hope is not a strategy. Luck is not a factor. Fear is not an option. - James Cameron
Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless. - Gilbert Chesterton
How different our lives are when we really know what is deeply important to us, and keeping that picture in mind, we manage ourselves each day to be and to do what really matters most.  - Stephen Covey 
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. - Stephen Hawking
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?   - Buddha 
However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them? - Buddha
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship. - François de La Rochefoucauld
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world. - William Shakespeare
How far you go in life depends on you being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these.   - George Washington Carver
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god. - Alan Watts
How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size? - Woody Allen
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.  - Coco Chanel
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone. - Coco Chanel
How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg. - Abraham Lincoln
How many times do you have to get hit over the head until you figure out who's hitting you? - Harry S. Truman
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.  - Wayne Dyer
How to get more opportunity: Create more opportunity for others. - Jack Butcher
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.  - Annie Dillard
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. - Annie Dillard
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. - Anne Frank
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.   - Niels Bohr 
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress. - Niels Bohr
How you think when you lose determines how long it will be until you win. - Gilbert Chesterton
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge. - Plato
Human beings believe just as they breathe - in order to survive. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. - William James
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so. - Douglas Adams
Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.  - George Washington
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. - Buckminster Fuller
Humans and prosperity never endure side by side for long. - Herodotus
Humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and feel alive. - Anne Wilson Schaef
I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return. - Roy T. Bennett
I allow my intuition to lead my path.  - Manuel Puig
I allow my intuition to lead my path. - Manuel Puig
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples. - Mother Teresa
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific. - Lily Tomlin
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts. - Abraham Lincoln
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.  - Pablo Picasso
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it. - Pablo Picasso
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.   - Pablo Picasso 
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. - Pablo Picasso
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught. - Winston Churchill
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.  - Everett Dirksen
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times. - Everett Dirksen
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. - Winston Churchill
I am a part of all that I have met.  - Alfred Tennyson
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match. - Mia Hamm
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. - Winston Churchill
I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.  - Edna Millay
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.  - Amy Tan
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever. - Amy Tan
I am not absentminded. It is the presence of mind that makes me unaware of everything else. - Gilbert Chesterton
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.  - William White
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.  - Confucius
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others. - Confucius
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong. - Abraham Lincoln
I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride. - Alexandre Dumas
I am not the first Buddha who came upon Earth, nor shall I be the last. In due time, another Buddha will arise in the world - a Holy One, a supremely enlightened One, endowed with wisdom in conduct, auspicious, knowing the universe, an incomparable leader of men, a master of angels and mortals. - The Buddha
I am not the outcome. I am never the result. I am only the effort. - Kamal Ravikant
I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become. - Carl Jung
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.  - Bernard Shaw
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can. - Bernard Shaw
I am thankful to all those who said no. It's because of them, I did it myself.   - Wayne Dyer
I am thankful to all who said no to me. It is because of them that I'm doing it myself. - Albert Einstein
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.   - Pablo Picasso 
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else. - Pablo Picasso
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.   - Joseph Stalin 
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will. - Joseph Stalin
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.   - Albert Einstein 
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind. - Albert Einstein
I believe that every person is born with talent.   - Maya Angelou 
I believe that every person is born with talent.  - Maya Angelou 
I believe that every person is born with talent. - Maya Angelou
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge — myth is more potent than history —  dreams are more powerful than facts —  hope always triumphs over experience —  laughter is the cure for grief —  love is stronger than death.  - Robert Fulghum
I believe that one of life's greatest risks is never daring to risk. - Oprah Winfrey
I believe that potential is unlimited - success depends on daring to act on dreams.    - Estee Lauder
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential. - Dalai Lama
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.  - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime. - Elisabeth Kübler-Ross
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love. - Judy Garland
I can never decide whether my dreams are the result of my thoughts or my thoughts the result of my dreams. - D. H. Lawrence
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.   - Wayne Dyer
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside. - Wayne Dyer
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun. - Chuck Swindoll
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody. - Herbert Bayard Swope
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.  - Herbert Swope
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better. - Henry David Thoreau
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.  - Georg Lichtenberg
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. - Lou Holtz
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean
I can, therefore I am. - Simone Weil
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure. - John D. Rockefeller
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got. - Walter Cronkite
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland. - Woody Allen
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.  - Michel de Montaigne
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing. - Michel de Montaigne
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.  - Walter Lippmann
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible. - Walter Lippmann
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.   - Napoleon Hill 
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. - Napoleon Hill
Ideas do not reach perfection in a day, no matter how much study is put upon them. - Alexander Graham Bell
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun. - Don Marquis
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean. - Isocrates
I defeat my enemies when I make them my friends. - Dalai Lama
I define friendship as a bond that transcends all barriers. When you are ready to expect anything and everything from friends, good, bad or ugly... that's what I call true friendship. - Harbhajan Singh
Identification with our mind causes thought to become compulsive. - Eckhart Tolle
Identify your problems, but give your power and energy to solutions. - Tony Robbins
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.   - Abraham Lincoln
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends. - Abraham Lincoln
I didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it. - Estee Lauder
I discovered a long time ago that if I helped enough people get what they wanted, I would always get what I wanted and I would never have to worry. - Tony Robbins
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.   - G. K. Chesterton
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act. - G. K. Chesterton
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.   - Buddha 
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - G. K. Chesterton
I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me. - The Buddha
I do not exist to impress the world. I exist to live my life in a way that will make me happy. - Richard Bach
I do not know the American gentleman, god forgive me for putting two such words together. - Charles Dickens
I do not seek. I find. - Pablo Picasso
I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process. - Oprah Winfrey
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
I don't ever give up. I'd have to be dead or completely incapacitated. - Elon Musk
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better. - Plutarch
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture. - Susan Orlean
I don't walk away from things that I think are unfinished. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying. - Woody Allen
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. - Robert Schuller
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. - Lucille Ball
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. - Lucille Ball
Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.  - Lucille Ball 
I'd rather welcome change than cling to the past. - Robert Kiyosaki
I dream my painting and I paint my dream. - Vincent van Gogh
I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress. - Elizabeth Montagu
I endeavour to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress. - Elizabeth Montagu
I enjoy life when things are happening. I don't care if it's good things or bad things. That means you're alive. - Joan Rivers
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.  - Albert Einstein 
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut. - Albert Einstein
If a man does his best, what else is there? - George Patton
If a man does his best, what else is there? - George S. Patton
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair. - Samuel Johnson
If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current — how can he help others across? – The Buddha - The Buddha
If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable.   - Seneca
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead. - Erma Bombeck
If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart. - Buddha
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly. - Gilbert Chesterton
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself. - Henry Ford
If ever you feel like an animal among men, be a lion. - Criss Jami
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.  - Rachel Carson
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow. - Rachel Carson
If fear is too strong, the genius is suppressed. - Robert Kiyosaki
If he cannot stop the mind that seeks after fame and profit, he will spend his life without finding peace. - Dogen
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when? - Rabbi Hillel
If I can laugh, I can live. - Christopher Reeve
If I cannot do great things. I can do small things in a great way. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain. - Emily Dickinson
If I find 10,000 ways something won't work, I haven't failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. - Thomas Edison
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith. - Albert Einstein
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants. - Isaac Newton
If I know what love is, it is because of you.  - Hermann Hesse
If I know what love is, it is because of you. - Hermann Hesse
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.   - Dalai Lama 
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe. - Dalai Lama
I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves. - Steve Maraboli
If I persist long enough I will win. - Og Mandino
If it entertains you now but will bore you someday, it's a distraction. Keep looking. - Naval Ravikant
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.  - Marcus Aurelius
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it. - Marcus Aurelius
If it is not right, do not do it, if it is not true, do not say it. - Marcus Aurelius
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever. - Woody Allen
If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing and the tutorial is way too long. - Elon Musk
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If light is in your heart, you will find your way home.   - Rumi
If no one ever broke the rules, then we'd never advance. - Simon Sinek
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. - Henry David Thoreau
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. - Henry David Thoreau
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.  - Seneca
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable. - Seneca the Younger
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.  - Anne Lindbergh
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others. - Anne Lindbergh
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.   - Maya Angelou 
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. - Maya Angelou
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way. - Aristotle
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.  - Aristotle 
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time.  - Edith Wharton
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time. - Edith Wharton
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. - Milton Berle
If someone betrays you once, it's their fault; if they betray you twice, it's your fault. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago.  - Carla Gordon
If the grass is greener on the other side, maybe that's because you're not taking good care of your grass. - Unknown
If the happiness and prosperity of other people depend on you, you have nothing to fear anymore. - Robert Greene
If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin. - Charles Darwin
If the plan doesn't work, change the plan, but never the goal. - Unknown
If there is a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it. - Toni Morrison
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other persons point of view and see things from his angle as well as your own.   - Henry Ford
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.  - Frederick Douglass
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. - Frederick Douglass
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love. - Michel de Montaigne
If there's a definition of freedom, I think it's this: living life on your terms. - Kamal Ravikant
If there were no God, there would be no atheists. - Gilbert Chesterton
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot? - Gloria Steinem
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.  - Ralph Emerson
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.  - Ralph Emerson
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If they wrote it to make money, don't read it. - Naval Ravikant
If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas Edison
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking. - 
If we are honest with ourselves, most of us will have to admit that we live out our lives in an ocean of fear. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace. - Thich Nhat Hanh
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything. - Thich Nhat Hanh
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
If we are not given the chance to forget, we are also not given the chance to recover our memories, to alter them with time, perspective, and wisdom. Forgetting, we can be ourselves beyond what the past has told us we are; we can evolve. That is the possibility we want from the future. - Caterina Fake
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.  - John Steinbeck
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away. - John Steinbeck
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.  - Buddha
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas Edison
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.  - Thomas Edison
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. - Thomas Edison
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.  - Anne Bradstreet
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome. - Anne Bradstreet
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace. - Dalai Lama
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. - Mother Teresa
If we know how to adapt, we end up being superior. - Ming-Dao Deng
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. - Pema Chodron
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. - Pema Chödrön
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us. - Daisaku Ikeda
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future. - Winston Churchill
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. - Henry David Thoreau
If what you're doing is not your passion, you have nothing to lose. - Celestine Chua
If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows them like a never-departing shadow. - The Buddha
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.  - Michael Jordan
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. - Michael Jordan
If you aim at nothing, you will hit it every time.   - Zig Ziglar
If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always got.  - Henry Ford
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness. - Vusi Mahlasela
If you are ever the smartest person in the room, you are in the wrong room. - C. Sean McGee
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near. - Sun Tzu
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. - Colin Powell
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.  - Colin Powell
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude. - Colin Powell
If you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away. - Stephen Hawking
If you are not living each day with excitement, energy, and passion, then you are not living true to your life purpose. - Celestine Chua
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? - Joe Namath
If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better. - John Carmack
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.  - Chinese Proverb
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow. - Chinese Proverb
If you are unable to find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it? - Dogen
If you believe you can, you can. If you believe you can't, then, well you can't. - Celestine Chua
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem.  Everything else is inconvenience. - Robert Fulghum
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. - Robert Fulghum
If you build the guts to do something, anything, then you better save enough to face the consequences. - Criss Jami
If you can change your mind, you can change your life. - William James
If you can dream it, you can do it.   - Walt Disney
If you can dream it, you can do it. - Walt Disney
If you can handle rejection, you'll learn to get everything you want. - Tony Robbins
If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.  - Byron Pulsifer
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.   - Napoleon Hill 
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill
If you cannot understand something, then you have understood it incorrectly. - Kabir
If you can see it in your mind, you can hold it in your mind. - Steve Harvey
If you can't argue both sides, you can't argue. - Jack Butcher
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. - Mother Teresa
If you can't fly, run. If you can't run, walk. If you can't walk, crawl, but by all means, keep moving. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
If you can't imagine it, you can't have it. - Toni Morrison
If you can't, you must. If you must, you can. - Tony Robbins
If you care about someone enough, you'll always be there for them no matter what. - Roy T. Bennett
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.   - Wayne Dyer
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.  - Wayne Dyer
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. - Wayne Dyer
If you chase two rabbits, you catch none. - Confucius
If you cling to a certain thought with dynamic will power, it finally assumes a tangible outward form. - Paramahansa Yogananda
If you come to a fork in the road, take it. - 
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place. - Lao Tzu
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place. - Laozi
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. - Theodore Roosevelt
If you done it, it ain't bragging. - Walt Whitman
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.   - Lao Tzu 
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. - Lao Tzu
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. - Laozi
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self. - Napoleon Hill
If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself. - Rollo May
If you do not get the chills when you set your goal you're not setting big enough goals. - Bob Proctor
If you do not push the boundaries, you will never know where they are. - T.S. Eliot
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people. - Virginia Woolf
If you don't break your ropes while you're alive, do you think ghosts will do it after? - Kabir
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. - Jim Rohn
If you don't find the time, if you don't do the work, you don't get the results. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place. - Nora Roberts
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? - John Wooden
If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn. - Ayn Rand
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there. - Lewis Carroll
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. - Laurence J. Peter
If you don't know where you're going, you will probably end up somewhere else. - Laurence J. Peter
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it. - Mary Engelbreit
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. - Maya Angelou
If you don't make things happen then things will happen to you. - Robert Collier
If you don't program yourself, life will program you. - Les Brown
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're misinformed. - Mark Twain
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. - Tony Robbins
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. - H. G. Wells
If you find you are not valued and appreciated, then shift your attention to places where you will be valued and appreciated. - Celestine Chua
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.  - Will Rogers 
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging. - Will Rogers
If you focus on results and finding shortcuts, you'll get impatient. If you focus on the process and doing the right thing, you'll be unstoppable. - Maxime Lagace
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results. - Jack Dixon
If you focus on success, you'll have stress. But if you pursue excellence, success will be guaranteed. - Deepak Chopra
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it - teach yourself. - Gurbaksh Chahal
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through. - 
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through. - Chinese Proverb
If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere. - Zig Ziglar
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.  - Margaret Fuller
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it. - Margaret Fuller
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose. - Mary Pickford
If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others.  - Byron Pulsifer
If you haven't the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you. - T.S. Eliot
If you have one true friend, you have more than your share. - Thomas Fuller
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. - Maya Angelou
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum. - Holly Near
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace. - Ajahn Chah
If you let your head get too big, it'll break your neck. - Elvis Presley
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.   - Buddha
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. - A. A. Milne
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. - Vince Lombardi
If you look for perfection, you'll never be content. - Leo Tolstoy
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?   - Confucius 
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear? - Confucius
If you look over your left shoulder and it is saying to go this and your other shoulder is telling you to go the other way. Then just follow your heart and you will be OK. - 
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor. - Daisaku Ikeda
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.  - Bruce Lee
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. - Bruce Lee
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were. - Kahlil Gibran
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. - Abraham Maslow
If you only knew the magnificence of the 3, 6, and 9, then you would have a key to the universe. - Nikola Tesla
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem. - J. Paul Getty
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man. - Mark Twain
If you practiced for the day, then you have won. If you were lazy for the day, then you have lost. - Ming-Dao Deng
If you pray for rain, be prepared to deal with some mud. - Mary Engelbreit
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind. - Buddha
If you quit once it becomes a habit. - Michael Jordan
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.  - John Quincy Adams
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. - John Quincy Adams
If you read a lot of books, you're considered well-read. But if you watch a lot of TV, you're not considered well-viewed. - Lily Tomlin
If you're afraid - don't do it, - if you're doing it - don't be afraid!  - Genghis Khan
If you're afraid to die, you're afraid to live. You can't have one without the other. - Rita Mae Brown
If you realize that you're the problem, then you can change yourself, learn something and grow wiser. Don't blame other people for your problems. - Robert Kiyosaki
If you're brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello. - Paulo Coelho
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning. - Larry Page
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative. - Woody Allen
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. - John Wooden
If you're really truthful with yourself, it's a wonderful guidance.   - Charlie Chaplin
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it. - Michael Jordan
If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it. - Criss Jami
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress. - Barack Obama
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem. - Richard Bach
If your heart acquires strength, you will be able to remove blemishes from others without thinking evil of them.  - Mohandas  Gandhi
If you run you stand a chance of losing, but if you don't run you've already lost. - Barack Obama
If you see a get rich quick scheme, that's someone else trying to get rich off of you. - Naval Ravikant
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible. - Epictetus
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible. - Epictetus
If you see someone without a smile give them one of yours. - Unknown
If you see yourself as prosperous, you will be. - Robert Collier
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing. - Margaret Thatcher
If you set your goals ridiculously high and its a failure, you will fail above everyone elses success. - James Cameron
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.  - Andy Rooney
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it. - Andy Rooney
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.  - Bruce Lee
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. - Bruce Lee
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. - Morris West
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.   - Toni Morrison
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it. - Toni Morrison
If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.  - James Faust 
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dream. - Les Brown
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart. - Nelson Mandela
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain
If you think adventure is dangerous, try routine; it is lethal. - Paulo Coelho
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. - Henry Ford
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right. - Henry Ford
If you throw away all thoughts of attainment, you will then come to see the real purpose of your quest. - Seungsahn
If you truly expect something to be difficult, it will be. - Peter A. Cohen
If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return. - Deepak Chopra
If you try to micromanage yourself all you're going to do is make yourself miserable. - Naval Ravikant
If you try, you might get exactly what you want. If you don't, you don't. - Unknown
If you've made a mistake, it's better just to laugh at it. - Zen Proverb
If you've never eaten while crying you don t know what life tastes like. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself. - Napoleon
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.   - Napoleon Bonaparte 
If you want more luck, take more chances. - Brian Tracy
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. - Dalai Lama
If you want peace, accept. If you want suffering, expect. - Maxime Lagace
If you want peace, you won't get it with violence. - John Lennon
If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old. - Peter Drucker
If you want something then you lose everything. If you don't want anything then you already have everything. - Seungsahn
If you want something you've never had you must be willing to do something you've never done. - Thomas Jefferson
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.  - Norman Peale
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself. - Norman Vincent Peale
If you want to achieve anything in this world, you have to get used to the idea that not everyone will like you. - Simon Sinek
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. - Unknown
If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present. - Roy T. Bennett
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes. - Andrew Carnegie
If you want to be sad, no one in the world can make you happy. But if you make up your mind to be happy, no one and nothing on earth can take that happiness from you. - Paramahansa Yogananda
If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same results. - Tony Robbins
If you want to be successful, you have to jump, there's no way around it. - Steve Harvey
If you want to change how you see your problems, you have to change what you value and/or how you measure failure/success. - Mark Manson
If you want to feel happy, do something for yourself. If you want to feel fulfilled, do something for someone else. - Simon Sinek
If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.  - Nikola Tesla
If you want to go east, don't go west. - Ramakrishna
If you want to keep your memories, you first have to live them. - Bob Dylan
If you want to know what God thinks about money just look at the people He gives it to. - Alexander Pope
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.  - Woody Allen
If you want to see things just as they are, then you yourself must practice just as you are. - Dogen
If you want to study yourself — look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people — look into your own heart.  - Friedrich von Schiller
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. - John Locke
If you want to turn a vision into reality, you have to give 100% and never stop believing in your dream. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
If you want work well done, select a busy man; the other kind has no time. - Elbert Hubbard
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.   - Oprah Winfrey 
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think. - Oprah Winfrey
If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink. - Sophocles
If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and heartbeats.   - Richard Bach 
If you wish to be a writer, write.   - Epictetus 
If you wish to be a writer, write. - Epictetus
If you worry about what might be, and wonder what might have been, you will ignore what is. - 
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.   - Lao Tzu 
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence. - Laozi
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?   - Richard Bach 
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it? - Richard Bach
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without. - Henry David Thoreau
Ignorance never settle a question.  - Benjamin Disraeli 
Ignorance never settles a question. - Benjamin Disraeli
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away. - Sophocles
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society. - Henry David Thoreau
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice. - Abraham Lincoln
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.  - John Locke
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. - John Locke
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.  - Lucille Ball
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line. - Lucille Ball
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.   - Leonardo da Vinci
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. - Leonardo da Vinci
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs. - Lin-yutang
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs. - Lin Yutang
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world. - Thomas Edison
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.   - Lao Tzu 
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. - Lao Tzu
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. - Laozi
I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side. - Yolanda Hadid
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough. - Walt Whitman
I have lived with several Zen masters -- all of them cats. - Eckhart Tolle
I have lost friends, some by death...others by sheer inability to cross the street. - Virginia Woolf
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say. - Calvin Coolidge
I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me. - Dudley Field Malone
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. - Mark Twain
I have no methods; all I do is accept people as they are. - Joan Rivers
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.   - Albert Einstein
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas Edison
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.  - Publilius Syrus
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. - Publilius Syrus
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is. - Alan Watts
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.   - Confucius 
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.  - Confucius
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. - Confucius
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be. - Thomas Jefferson
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind. - Antoine de Saint Exupery
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat. - Rose Kennedy
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing. - Herman Melville
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Albert Einstein
I know of only one duty, and that is to love. - George Bernard Shaw
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain. - Oprah Winfrey
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. - Muhammad Ali
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. - Nelson Mandela
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.  - Margaret Mead
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Thomas Jefferson
I live by letting things happen. - Dogen
I'll prepare and someday my chance will come. - Abraham Lincoln
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose. - John F. Kennedy
I love fools' experiments. I am always making them. - Charles Darwin
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer. - Colette
I love my past. I love my present. Im not ashamed of what Ive had, and Im not sad because I have it no longer.  - Colette
I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you. - Maya Angelou
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else. - John Keats
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!' - Bill Bradley
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.   - Blaise Pascal
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world. - Blaise Pascal
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. - Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge... - Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.  - Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create. - Albert Einstein
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.  - Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Imagination is the beginning of creation. - George Bernard Shaw
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.  - Lauren Bacall
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly. - Lauren Bacall
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.  - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception. - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Imagination is the true magic carpet. - Norman Vincent Peale
Imagination means nothing without doing.   - Charlie Chaplin
Imagination rules the world. - Napoleon
Imagination rules the world.   - Napoleon Bonaparte 
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.  - Carl Sagan
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere. - Carl Sagan
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. - Thomas Jefferson
I'm an optimist by choice not by stupidity. - Yanni
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown. - Woody Allen
I may not know everything, but everything is not known yet anyway.  - Byron Pulsifer
I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die. - Stephen Hawking
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship. - Louisa May Alcott
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel. - Elizabeth Arden
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine. - Bruce Lee
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.   - Abraham Lincoln
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible. - Abraham Lincoln
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.  - Charles Chesnutt 
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned. - Charles W. Chesnutt
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. - Marilyn Monroe
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, and wear Reebok. - Shaquille O'Neal
I must also have a dark side if I am to be whole. - Carl Jung
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.   - Buddha 
In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head. - Arthur Schopenhauer
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.   - Carl Jung 
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. - Carl Jung
In all human affairs there are efforts, and there are results, and the strength of the effort is the measure of the result. - James Allen
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous. - Aristotle
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous. - Aristotle
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. - Theodore Roosevelt
In archery we have something like the way of the superior man. When the archer misses the center of the target, he turns round and seeks for the cause of his failure in himself.  - Confucius
In a world of change, the learners shall inherit the earth, while the learned shall find themselves perfectly suited for a world that no longer exists. - Eric Hoffer
In a world that is constantly changing, it is to our advantage to learn how to adapt and enjoy something better. - Spencer Johnson
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you. - Janet Jackson
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't. - Steve Maraboli
Independence is happiness. - Susan B. Anthony
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present. - Laozi
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend. - Thomas Jefferson
I never did a day's work in my life.  It was all fun. - Thomas Edison
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident - Thomas Edison
I never dwell on what happened. You can't change it. Move forward. - Joan Rivers
I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it. - Mae West
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.  - Marie Curie
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. - Marie Curie
I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn. - Albert Einstein
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough. - Albert Einstein
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.  - Albert Einstein
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough. - Albert Einstein
I never worry about action, but only inaction.   - Winston Churchill 
I never worry about action, but only inaction. - Winston Churchill
In every adversity there lies the seed of an equivalent advantage. In every defeat is a lesson showing you how to win the victory next time.  - Robert Collier
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks. - John Muir
Information changes your mind. Action changes your circumstances. - Jack Butcher
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge. - François de La Rochefoucauld
Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten. - Aesop
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by. - Lucille Ball
In life you need either inspiration or desperation. - Tony Robbins
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. - Thomas Jefferson
In nature there is no alienation. Everything belongs. - Ming-Dao Deng
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends. - Walt Whitman
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd. - Miguel de Cervantes
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different. - Coco Chanel
In order to be walked over, you have to be lying down. - Celestine Chua
In order to carry a positive action, we must develop here a positive vision. - Dalai Lama
In order to control myself I must first accept myself by going with and not against my nature. - Bruce Lee
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.   - Richard Bach 
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice. - Richard Bach
In order to win, you must expect to win.   - Richard Bach 
In order to win, you must expect to win. - Richard Bach
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.  - Herodotus
In reality, the only way a relationship will last is if you see your relationship as a place that you go to give, and not a place that you go to take.  - Anthony Robbins
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.   - Leonardo da Vinci
In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding confrontation through fear, lethargy or both. - Mariella Frostrup
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. - Albert Einstein
Insanity is relative. It depends on who has who locked in what cage.   - Ray Bradbury
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.  - William Blake 
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. - William Blake
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.  - Ralph Emerson
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.   - Pablo Picasso 
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working. - Pablo Picasso
Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. - Pablo Picasso
Inspire yourself to be great. Being good isn't good enough. - Gurbaksh Chahal
In spite of everything, I shall rise again. - Vincent van Gogh
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.  - Thomas Carlyle
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance. - Thomas Carlyle
Instead of thinking about what you are going to do when you retire, think about how you can do that now and make a living from it. - Celestine Chua
Instead of thinking outside the box, get rid of the box. - Deepak Chopra
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create. - Roy T. Bennett
Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people. - Spencer Johnson
Integrity is the ability to stand by an idea. - Ayn Rand
Intelligence, imagination, and knowledge are essential resources, but only effectiveness converts them into results. - Peter Drucker
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. - Stephen Hawking
Intelligent men are cruel. Stupid men are monstrously cruel. - Jack London
Intelligent people make many mistakes because they cannot believe the world is really as foolish as it is. - Nicolas Chamfort
Intense love does not measure, it just gives. - Mother Teresa
Intent is not a thought, or an object, or a wish. Intent is what can make a man succeed when his thoughts tell him that he is defeated. It operates in spite of the warriors indulgence. Intent is what makes him invulnerable. Intent is what sends a shaman through a wall, through space, to infinity.  - Carlos Castaneda 
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things. - Woody Allen
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's mind there are few. - Shunryu Suzuki
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later. - Harold Geneen
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield. - Warren Buffett
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.  - Albert Camus
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit. - Anne Frank
In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving. - Sheldon Kopp
In the middle of chaos lies opportunity.   - Bruce Lee
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.  - Albert Einstein
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity. - Sun Tzu
In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you. - Deepak Chopra
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas. - The Buddha
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true. - Buddha
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed. - Kahlil Gibran
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost
In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on.  - Robert Frost
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists. - Eric Hoffer
Into each life rain must fall but rain can be the giver of life and it is all in your attitude that makes rain produce sunshine.  -  Byron Pulsifer
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.  - Robert Graves
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer. - Robert Graves
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.  - Henry Reed
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself. - Henry Reed
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.  - Jonas Salk
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next. - Jonas Salk
Invent your world. Surround yourself with people, color, sounds, and work that nourish you. - 
Investing in yourself is the best investment you will ever make. - Robin Sharma
Invisible things are the only realities. - Edgar Allan Poe
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. - Ansel Adams
In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us.  - Beverly Sills
I owe my solitude to other people. - Alan Watts
I pay attention to every minute of the day. - Steve Harvey
I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom. - Anatole France
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence. - Frederick Douglass
I recommend you to take care of the minutes: for hours will take care of themselves.  - Chesterfield
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves. - The Buddha
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.   - Og Mandino
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted. - Og Mandino
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been. - Wayne Gretzky
I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking. - Joan Rivers
It ain't where you start in life, it's where you end up, and what you did along the way. - Colin Powell
I take the position that I'm always to some degree wrong, and the aspiration is to be less wrong. - Elon Musk
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.   - Carl Jung 
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves. - Carl Jung
It all depends on what you choose to believe. - Spencer Johnson
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that. - Albus Dumbledore
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.  - Confucius 
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. - Confucius
It doesn't matter how slow you go, as long as you don't stop. - Confucius
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full. Be grateful you have a glass - you're the only person that can decide what's in it. - Gurbaksh Chahal
It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.  - Brian Tracy
It doesn't matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go. - Bob Proctor
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. - Leonardo da Vinci
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. - Albert Einstein
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues. - Abraham Lincoln
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. - Arthur Conan Doyle
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.  - Man Ray
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them. - Man Ray
I think and that is all that I am.   - Wayne Dyer
I think and that is all that I am. - Wayne Dyer
I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better. - Elon Musk
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world. - Judy Collins
I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing towards being a champion.  - Billie Jean King
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.  - Eleanor Roosevelt
I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex. - Kurt Vonnegut
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time. - Victoria Osteen
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances. - Lee Womack
I thought how unpleasant it is to be locked out; and I thought how it is worse, perhaps, to be locked in. - Virginia Woolf
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things. - Henry David Thoreau
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it. - John Steinbeck
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S. Truman
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education. - Albert Einstein
It is a mistake to regard age as a downhill grade toward dissolution. The reverse is true. As one grows older one climbs with surprising strides.  - George Sand
It is best to begin at the beginning. - Amelia Earhart
It is better to be looked over than overlooked. - Mae West
It is better to change an opinion than to persist in a wrong one. - Socrates
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.   - Buddha 
It is better to disappoint people with the truth than to appease them with a lie. - Simon Sinek
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. - Herman Melville
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.  - Edward de Bono
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all. - Edward de Bono
It is better to learn late than never. - Publilius Syrus
It is better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness. - Eleanor Roosevelt
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.  - George Washington
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward. - 
It is better to travel well than to arrive. - Buddha
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.  - Anatole France
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. - Anatole France
It is children only who enjoy the present; their elders either live on the memory of the past or the hope of the future. - Nicolas Chamfort
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.  - Franklin D. Roosevelt
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong. - Voltaire
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others. - Dalai Lama
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.  - Alfred Adler
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.   - Betty Friedan
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself. - Betty Friedan
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance. - Aesop
It is easy to discover what another has discovered before. - Christopher Columbus
It is easy to love your friend, but sometimes the hardest lesson to learn is to love your enemy. - Sun Tzu
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company. - George Washington
It is far easier to start something than it is to finish it. - Amelia Earhart
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. - Douglas MacArthur
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - General Douglas MacArthur 
It is good even for old men to learn wisdom. - Aeschylus
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
It is ignorance that causes most mistakes. - Harry S. Truman
It is important that we forgive ourselves for making mistakes. We need to learn from our errors and move on. - Steve Maraboli
It is important to fight and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then can evil be kept at bay though never quite eradicated. - Albus Dumbledore
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not. - Mignon McLaughlin
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.  - Epictetus
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. - Epictetus
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life. - Sigmund Freud
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. - Woody Allen
It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.  - Naomi Williams 
It is impossible to love and to be wise. - Francis Bacon
It is in changing that we find purpose. - Heraclitus
It is in the darkness that one finds the light. - Meister Eckhart
It is in the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has. - Henry Ward Beecher
It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse. - The Buddha
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.   - Tony Robbins 
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. - Tony Robbins
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others succeed. - Napoleon Hill
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.  - Mabel Newcomber
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them. - Confucius
It is never too late. Even if you are going to die tomorrow, keep yourself straight and clear and be a happy human being today. - Lama Yeshe
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. - Friedrich Nietzsche
It is not as important how we start, but how we finish. - Joyce Meyer
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult.   - Seneca
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.   - Rene Descartes 
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. - René Descartes
It is not enough to win a war; it is more important to organize the peace. - Aristotle
It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself. - Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.  - Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. - Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness. - Charles Spurgeon
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.   - William Shakespeare 
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. - William Shakespeare
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.  - Moliere
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do. - Molière
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.  - Hannah More
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn. - Hannah More
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help. - Epicurus
It is not the knowing that is difficult, but the doing.  - Chinese Proverb
It is not the mistake that has the most power, instead, it is learning from the mistake to advance your own attributes.  - Byron Roberts
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.  - Max Planck
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him. - Max Planck
It is not titles that honour men, but men that honour titles. - Niccolo Machiavelli
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living. - Eckhart Tolle
It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives. - Tony Robbins
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law. - Thomas Hobbes
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary. - Winston Churchill
It isn't that they can't see the solution. It is that they can't see the problem. - Gilbert Chesterton
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens. - Pema Chödrön
It isn't what you do, but how you do it. - John Wooden
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it. - Dale Carnegie
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts. - Ella Fitzgerald
It is often safer to be in chains than to be free.  - Franz Kafka
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.  - Ralph Emerson
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship. - Henry Ward Beecher
It is only depth of character that determines the profundity with which we face life. - Ming-Dao Deng
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.  - Margaret Bonnano
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means. - Charles Kingsley
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.  - Ralph Waldo Emerson 
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.  - Antoine de Saint-Exupery 
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.  - Havelock Ellis
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success. - Havelock Ellis
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - Albus Dumbledore
It is our experiences that mold us into who we are...during times of adversity our true character will show. - Unknown
It is passion that makes man live; wisdom makes one only last. - Nicolas Chamfort
It is safer to search in the maze than to remain in a cheeseless situation. - Spencer Johnson
It is secondary whether we choose belief or defiance. What is precious is that we are always able to choose. - Ming-Dao Deng
It is startling to realize how much unbelief is necessary to make belief possible. - Eric Hoffer
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little; do something. - Sydney Smith
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little — do what you can.  - Sydney Smith 
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.  - Aristotle
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. - Epictetus
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary. - Richard Whately
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable. - Seneca
It is the power of thought that gives man power over nature. - Hans Christian Andersen
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity.  - Mahatma Gandhi 
It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity. - Mahatma Gandhi
It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. - Gary Keller
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover. - Henri Poincaré
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.  - Jules Poincare
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag. - Donald Trump
It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
It is under the greatest adversity that there exists the greatest potential for doing good, both for oneself and others. - Dalai Lama
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err. - Mahatma Gandhi
It is up to each of us to sing as we feel moved by the overall song of life. - Ming-Dao Deng
It is useless to attempt to reason a man out of a thing he was never reasoned into. - Jonathan Swift
It is useless to meet revenge with revenge; it will heal nothing. - J.R.R. Tolkien
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.  - Jessamyn West
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own. - Jessamyn West
It is very obvious that we are not influenced by 'facts' but by our interpretation of the facts. - Alfred Adler
It is well known that those who do not trust themselves never trust others. - Alfred Adler
It is what we make out of what we have, not what we are given, that separates one person from another. - Nelson Mandela
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters. - Aesop
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.  - Robert Southey
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn. - Robert Southey
It is your attitude, not your aptitude, that determines your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be. - Albus Dumbledore
It matters not who you love, where you love, why you love, when you love or how you love, it matters only that you love. - John Lennon
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree. - Elbert Hubbard
It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime. - Steve Maraboli
I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair. - The Buddha
I took a speed-reading course and read 'War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia. - Woody Allen
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf. - Walter Lippmann
I try more and more to be myself, caring relatively little whether people approve or disapprove. - Vincent van Gogh
It's a good thing to be satisfied with what one has. - The Buddha
It's always to soon to quit! - Norman Vincent Peale
It's beautiful to be alone. To be alone does not mean to be lonely. It means the mind is not influenced and contaminated by society. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Elizabeth Kenny
It's better to have a short life that is full of what you like doing, than a long life spent in a miserable way. - Alan Watts
It's better to stand by someone's side than by yourself. - Jack London
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
It's easier to lose than to win.   - Wayne Gretzky
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end. - Leonardo da Vinci
It's easy to be a critic, but being a doer requires effort, risk, and change.   - Wayne Dyer
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more. - Woody Allen
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains. - Danilo Dolci
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up. - Muhammad Ali
It's much better to do good in a way that no one knows anything about it. - Leo Tolstoy
It's necessary to get the losers out of your life if you want to live your dream. - Les Brown
It's not about what it is, it's about what it can become. - Dr. Seuss
It's not how much money you make, it's how much money you keep. - Robert Kiyosaki
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. - Mother Teresa
It's not the love you make. It's the love you give.  - Nikola Tesla
It's not the men in your life that matters, it's the life in your men. - Mae West
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog. - Mark Twain
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. - Epictetus
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts. - Will Rogers
It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power! - Robert Kiyosaki
It's not what you've got; it's what you do that makes the difference. - Celestine Chua
It's not whether you get knocked down, its whether you get back up. - Vince Lombardi
It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket. - Elon Musk
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform. - Roy T. Bennett
It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked. - Warren Buffett
It's possible in ways both large or small to make a difference in someone's life. - Yanni
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it. - Sam Levenson
It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button. - John Brunner
It's the job that's never started that takes the longest to finish. - J.R.R. Tolkien
It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen. - John Wooden
It's the little things done consistently over time, straight from your heart, that have the greatest impact. - Unknown
It's the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more. - Albus Dumbledore
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities. - Eric Hoffer
It's very strange that the people you love are often the people you're most cruel to. - Kenneth Branagh
It's what you do in the present that will redeem the past and thereby change the future. - Paulo Coelho
It's wise to tell the truth. It's even wiser to tell it kindly. - Maxime Lagace
It's your life-but only if you make it so. - Eleanor Roosevelt
It's your life; you don't need someone's permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart. - Roy T. Bennett
It's your road, and yours alone, others may walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you. - Rumi
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. - Albus Dumbledore
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone... but it takes a lifetime to forget someone. - Kahlil Gibran
It takes a very long time to become young. - Pablo Picasso
It takes both sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. - 
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. - E. E. Cummings
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. - E.E. Cummings
It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project. - Napoleon Hill
I've always lived in the moment. - Yanni
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
I violated the Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does. - Warren Buffett
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.   - Abraham Lincoln
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward. - Abraham Lincoln
I want my friend to miss me as long as I miss him. - Augustine of Hippo
I want the fishing rod, not the fish. - Yanni
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being. - Confucius
I was angered, for I had no shoes. Then I met a man who had no feet.  - Chinese Proverb
I wasn't brave, I just didn't have time to be scared. - Amelia Earhart
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me. - Woody Allen
I was wise enough to never grow up while fooling most people into believing I had.  - Margaret Mead
I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise. - John Keats
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.   - Og Mandino
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. - Og Mandino
I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability. - Confucius
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability. - Confucius
I will not walk backward in life. - J.R.R. Tolkien
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.   - Abraham Lincoln
I will prepare and someday my chance will come. - Abraham Lincoln
I won't close down a business of subnormal profitability merely to add a fraction of a point to our corporate returns. I also feel it inappropriate for even an exceptionally profitable company to fund an operation once it appears to have unending losses in prospect. Adam Smith would disagree with my first proposition and Karl Marx would disagree with my second; the middle ground is the only position that leaves me comfortable. - Warren Buffett
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.  - G.K. Chesterton
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder. - G. K. Chesterton
I would rather be a little nobody, then to be an evil somebody. - Abraham Lincoln
I would rather be attacked than unnoticed. For the worst thing you can do to an author is to be silent as to his works. An assault upon a town is a bad thing; but starving it is still worse.  - Samuel Johnson
I would rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I'm not.   - Wayne Dyer
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees. - Euripides
Joy is the best makeup.  - Anne Lamott
Joy is the best makeup. - Anne Lamott
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. - Marianne Williamson
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers. - Voltaire
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest. - Sri Chinmoy
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it. - Dalai Lama
Judgments prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.   - Wayne Dyer
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.   - Buddha 
Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not. - Dhammapada
Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings. - The Buddha
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame. - The Buddha
Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves. - William Hazlitt
Just as much as we see in others, we have in ourselves. - William Hazlitt
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.   - Buddha 
Just as true humor is laughter at oneself, true humanity is knowledge of oneself. - Alan Watts
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. - Thomas Edison
Just because something isn't a lie does not mean that it isn't deceptive. - Criss Jami
Just because you are happy it does not mean that the day is perfect but that you have looked beyond its imperfections. - Bob Marley
Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry. - Earl Monroe
Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that. - John Wooden
Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness but it is greatness. - George Bernard Shaw
Just throw away all thoughts of imaginary things, and stand firm in that which you are. - Kabir
Just trust that everything is unfolding the way it is supposed to. Don't resist... Great things are waiting for you around the corner. - Sonia Ricotti
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. - Goethe
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Just try to be the best you can be; never cease trying to be the best you can be. That's in your power. - John Wooden
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. - Mark Twain
Keeping a little ahead of conditions is one of the secrets of business, the trailer seldom goes far. - Charles Schwab
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children. - Kahlil Gibran
Keep others in suspense, cultivate an air of unpredictability. - Robert Greene
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.   - Epictetus 
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly. - Epictetus
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. - Marilyn Monroe
Keep true. Never be ashamed of doing right. Decide what you think is right and stick to it. - George Eliot
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.  - Friedrich von Schiller
Keep your dreams, you never know when you might need them. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.  - Theodore Roosevelt
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
Keep your eyes on the stars, but remember to keep your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman
Keep your face always toward the sunshine -  shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows. - Helen Keller
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer. - Sun Tzu
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.  - Helen Keller 
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow. - Helen Keller
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.   - Lao Tzu 
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. - Laozi
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. - Mark Twain
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom. - Theodore Isaac Rubin
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.  - Theodore Rubin
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Kindness is the greatest wisdom.   - 
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. - Mark Twain
Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.  - Mother Teresa
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.  - Mother Teresa 
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. - Mother Teresa
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.  - Blaise Pascal
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much. - Blaise Pascal
Kind words will unlock an iron door.  - Turkish Proverb
Kings and cabbages go back to compost, but good deeds stay green forever.  - Rick de Marinis
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.   - Epictetus 
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. - Epictetus
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet. - The Buddha
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.   - Plutarch 
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly. - Plutarch
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Knowing is not enough; we must apply! - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.   - Bruce Lee
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment. - Lao Tzu
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment. - Laozi
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.   - Carl Jung 
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people. - Carl Jung
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people. - Carl Jung
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. - Aristotle
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity. - Calvin Coolidge
Knowledge has three degrees — opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.  - Plotinus
Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition. - Plotinus
Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes. - Peter Drucker
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.  - Martin Fischer
Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the key to it. - Lao Tzu
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster. - Avery Brooks
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad. - Brian O'Driscoll
Knowledge is learning something everyday. Wisdom is letting go of something everyday. - Unknown
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice. - Anton Chekhov
Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more. - William Cowper
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.   - Carl Jung 
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. - Carl Jung
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. - Jimi Hendrix
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom. - Plato
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.  - Margaret Laurence
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world. - Margaret Laurence
Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't. - Mark Goulston
Know yourself and you will win all battles. - Sun Tzu
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days. - Zig Ziglar
Lack of emotion causes lack of progress and lack of motivation. - Tony Robbins
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one. - Oscar Wilde
Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population. - Albert Einstein
Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through. - Jonathan Swift
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction. - Anne Frank
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal. - Vince Lombardi
Leadership is solving problems - Colin Powell
Leadership starts at the top. - Morgan Wootten
Leaders spend 5% of their time on the problem & 95% of their time on the solution. Get over it & crush it! - Tony Robbins
Leaders think and talk about solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems. - Brian Tracy
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them all yourself. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Learn from the rejection and turn it into an opportunity! - Mary Engelbreit
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. - Albert Einstein
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere  - Chinese Proverb
Learning is a weightless treasure you can always carry easily. - Chinese Proverb
Learning is finding out what you already know.   - Richard Bach 
Learning is finding out what you already know. - Richard Bach
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. - Jim Rohn
Learning never exhausts the mind.  - Leonardo da Vinci
Learning never exhausts the mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.  - Confucius
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous. - Confucius
Learn only how to avoid seeking for and attaching yourselves to anything. - Huang Po
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist. - Pablo Picasso
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. - Earl Nightingale
Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly.  - Frank Tyger 
Learn to sit back and observe, not everything needs a reaction. - Unknown
Learn to use your emotions to think, not think with your emotions. - Robert Kiyosaki
Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness. - Ayn Rand
Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant.  - Stephen Sigmund
Leave no stone unturned. - Euripides
Leave the beaten track behind occasionally and dive into the woods. Every time you do you will be certain to find something you have never seen before. - Alexander Graham Bell
Less is more. - Robert Browning
Let each man exercise the art he knows. - Aristophanes
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement. - Ralph Marston
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity  - Louis Pasteur
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.  - Louis Pasteur
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity. - Louis Pasteur
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom. - The Buddha
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.  - Paramahansa Yogananda
Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one's own acts, done and undone. - The Buddha
Let not your mind run on what you lack as much as on what you have already. - Marcus Aurelius
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.   - Rumi 
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. - Rumi
Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine. - Nikola Tesla
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.   - Nikola Tesla 
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit. - Kahlil Gibran
Letting go isn’t the end of the world; it’s the beginning of a new life. - 
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny. - Steve Maraboli
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.   - Mother Teresa 
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. - Mother Teresa
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.  - Marcel Proust
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom. - Marcel Proust
Let us rather run the risk of wearing out than rusting out. - Theodore Roosevelt
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions. - John F. Kennedy
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.  - John Kennedy 
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!  - Charlotte  Gilman
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past! - Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.  - Ovid
Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. - Ovid
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. - Rumi
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.  - Simone Weil
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose. - Simone Weil
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter. - Charles A. Lindbergh
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter. - Charles Lindbergh
Life and death are of supreme importance. Time swiftly passes by and opportunity is lost. - Dogen
Life and the simple beauty of it is too good to pass up. - Christopher McCandless
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people. - Roy T. Bennett
Life begins where fear ends. - Osho
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Life can be found only in the present moment. The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life.  - Thich Nhat Hanh
Life can be the scariest and most beautiful thing simultaneously. - Maxime Lagace
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. - Soren Kierkegaard
Life comes at us in waves. We can't predict or control those waves, but we can learn to surf. - Dan Millman
Life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change. - Jim Rohn
Life goes by fast. Enjoy it. Calm down. It's all funny. - Joan Rivers
Life goes by very fast. And the worst thing in life that you can have is a job that you hate, and have no energy and creativity in. - Robert Greene
Life happens in the river, not the shore. - Maxime Lagace
Life has more imagination than we carry in our dreams. - Christopher Columbus
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend. - Euripides
Life has no limitations except the ones you make. - Les Brown
Life has the name of life, but in reality it is death. - Heraclitus
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.  - Charles Swindoll
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. - Charles Swindoll
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. - Chuck Swindoll
Life is a balance of holding on and letting go. - Rumi
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey. - Roy T. Bennett
Life is about choice. You can choose to be a victim or anything else you like to be. - Celestine Chua
Life is about not knowing and then doing something anyway. - Mark Manson
Life is about timing. - Carl Lewis
Life is a challenge, meet it! Life is a dream, realize it! Life is a game, play it! Life is love, enjoy it! - Sathya Sai Baba
Life is a constant series of opportunities. - Ming-Dao Deng
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more  - Anthony Robbins
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more - Tony Robbins
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more. - Tony Robbins
Life is a journey, not a destination. - Dan Millman
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.   - Yogi Berra
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn. - Yogi Berra
Life is a long lesson in humility.  - James Matthew Barrie
Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.  - Nikola Tesla
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.  - Anne Schaef
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process. - Anne Wilson Schaef
Life is a progress, and not a station.  - Ralph Emerson
Life is a progress, and not a station. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is a question and how we live it is our answer. - Gary Keller
Life is a series of choices and all we can do is make them. - Kamal Ravikant
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.  - Ralph Emerson
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.  - Corita Kent
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed. - Corita Kent
Life is a traveling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken. - D. H. Lawrence
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken. - Laurence J. Peter
Life is but one dream flowing into another. - Ming-Dao Deng
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.  - Karen Clark 
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable. - Woody Allen
Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing. - Helen Keller
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. - Helen Keller
Life is essentially an endless series of problems. The solution to one problem is merely the creation of another. - Mark Manson
Life is filled with secrets. You can't learn them all at once. - Dan Brown
Life is from the inside out. When you shift on the inside, life shifts on the outside. - Kamal Ravikant
Life is growth. If we stop growing, technically and spiritually, we are as good as dead. - Morihei Ueshiba
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.  - A. Powell Davies
Life is just a chance to grow a soul. - A. Powell Davies
Life is just the same as learning to swim. Do not be afraid of making mistakes, for there is no other way of learning how to live! - Alfred Adler
Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up. - Hans Christian Andersen
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.  - Tom Lehrer
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it. - Tom Lehrer
Life is like a wheel. Sooner or later, it always comes around to where you started again. - Stephen King
Life is like playing the violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. - Samuel Butler
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
Life is like stepping onto a boat which is about to sail out to sea and sink. - Shunryu Suzuki
Life is like the dice that, falling, still show a different face. So life, though it remains the same, is always presenting different aspects.  - Alexis
Life is like underwear, should be changed twice a day.   - Ray Bradbury
Life is love and love is life. - Elvis Presley
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!  - John Pierrakos 
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move! - John Pierrakos
Life is much like going to the gym. The most painful part is deciding to go. Once you get past that, it's easy. - Robert Kiyosaki
Life is much more successfully looked at from a single window. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.  - Jack London
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. - Soren Kierkegaard
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. - Søren Kierkegaard
Life is not just the passing of time. Life is the collection of experiences and their intensity. - Jim Rohn
Life is not meant to be easy my child, but take courage: it can be delightful. - George Bernard Shaw
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath.  - 
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments.  -  Michael Vance
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - Bernard Shaw
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw
Life is one long process of getting tired. - Samuel Butler
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved.  - D. H. Lawrence
Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated.  - Confucius
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.   - Confucius 
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. - Confucius
Life is simply what our feelings do to us. - Honore de Balzac
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.  - Charlotte Bronte
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation. - Charlotte Brontë
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises. - Samuel Butler
Life is the dancer and you are the dance. - Eckhart Tolle
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.  - Victor Hugo
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. - Victor Hugo
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue. - Edith Wharton
Life is thickly sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us. - Voltaire
Life is to be fortified by many friendships. To love, and to be loved, is the greatest happiness of existence. - Sydney Smith
Life is too important to be taken seriously. - Oscar Wilde
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you. - Roy T. Bennett
Life is trying things to see if they work. - Ray Bradbury
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Life is what happens while you are making other plans. - John Lennon
Life is what you make it. Always has been, always will be. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.  - Grandma Moses
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be. - Grandma Moses
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale. - Hans Christian Andersen
Life may be full of pain but that's not an excuse to give up. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Life must be a constant education; one must learn everything, from speaking to dying. - Gustave Flaubert
Life must be rich and full of loving-it's no good otherwise, no good at all, for anyone.   - Jack Kerouac
Life needs to be more than just solving problems every day. You need to wake up and be excited about the future. - Elon Musk
Life reflects your own thoughts back to you. - Napoleon Hill
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. - Bernice Reagon
Life should be touched, not strangled.   - Ray Bradbury
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. - Anaïs Nin
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' - Martin Luther King Jr.
Life's too mysterious to take too serious. - Mary Engelbreit
Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. - Kahlil Gibran
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny. - Stephen Hawking
Light a candle instead of cursing the darkness. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Light tomorrow with today!  - Elizabeth Browning
Light tomorrow with today! - Elizabeth Browning
Like it or not, this moment is all we really have to work with. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.  - Jamie Paolinetti 
Listening well is as powerful as talking well, and is also as essential to true conversation. - Chinese Proverb
Listen to the secret sound, the real sound, which is inside you. - Kabir
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.   - Richard Bach 
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear. - Richard Bach
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.  - Anthony  DAngelo
Little by little, one travels far. - J.R.R. Tolkien
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life. - Ayn Rand
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Mahatma Gandhi
Live in each season as it passes; breathe the air, drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign yourself to the influence of the earth. - Henry David Thoreau
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening. - Nelson Mandela
Live simply, expect little, give much. - Norman Vincent Peale
Live the moment for the moment. - Michael Jordan
Live through feeling and you will live through love. For feeling is the language of the soul, and feeling is truth.  - Matt Zotti
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.   - Jack Kerouac
Live your life and forget your age. - Norman Vincent Peale
Live your life as an exclamation rather than an explanation. - Isaac Newton
Living a life that has a greater purpose and living up to it is the ultimate degree that we should strive for. - Gurbaksh Chahal
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.  - Ray Bradbury 
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down. - Ray Bradbury
Living life in style also means living a life of balance. - Jim Rohn
Logic is like the sword - those who appeal to it shall perish by it. - Samuel Butler
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end. - Leonard Nimoy
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Longevity is a fleeting moment that lasts forever. - Vidal Sassoon
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.   - Marcus Aurelius 
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too. - Marcus Aurelius
Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.  - Byron Pulsifer
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.  - Anne Wilson Schaef
Look to the beauty of this day, miracles are all around you. - Mary Engelbreit
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. - Stephen Hawking
Look with favour upon a bold beginning.  - Virgil
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love. - Francis of Assisi
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.  - Richard Whately
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it. - Richard Whately
Loss is nothing else but change and change is nature's delight. - Marcus Aurelius
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight. - Marcus Aurelius
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.  - Marcus Aurelius 
Lost Time is never found again. - Benjamin Franklin
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.  - Oprah Winfrey
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. - Oprah Winfrey
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.  - William Shakespeare
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness. - Dalai Lama
Love and friendship exclude each other. - Jean de La Bruyère
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.  - Barbara De Angelis
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle. - Amy Bloom
Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.  - Amy Bloom
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. - Karl Menninger
Love demands infinitely less than friendship. - George Jean Nathan
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.  - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Elizabeth Browning
Love doesn't need reason. It speaks from the irrational wisdom of the heart. - Deepak Chopra
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something. - Anton Chekhov
Love has no age, no limit; and no death. - John Galsworthy
Love is a friendship set to music. - Joseph Campbell
Love is a serious mental disease. - Plato
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. - Aristotle
Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree. - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning. - 
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable. - Bruce Lee
Love is merely the name for the desire and pursuit of the whole. - Aristophanes
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.  - Washington Irving
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart. - Washington Irving
Love is not about possession. Love is about appreciation. - Osho
Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see. - 
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. - Loretta Young
Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love. - Charles Péguy
Love is the absence of judgment. - Dalai Lama
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty. - Cicero
Love is the energy of life. - Robert Browning
Love is the expression of one's values. - Ayn Rand
Love is the flower you've got to let grow. - John Lennon
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.  - Oliver Holmes
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.  - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. - Samuel Johnson
Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back.  - Arthur Rubinstein
Love never keeps a man from pursuing his destiny. - Paulo Coelho
Love the life you live, live the life you love. - Bob Marley
Love the moment. Flowers grow out of dark moments. Therefore, each moment is vital. It affects the whole. Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed.  - Corita Kent
Love vanquishes time. To lovers, a moment can be eternity, eternity can be the tick of a clock.  - Mary Parrish
Love your enemies, for they tell you your faults. - Benjamin Franklin
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. - Lucille Ball
Love yourself with the same intensity you would use to pull yourself up if you were hanging off a cliff. - Kamal Ravikant
Loving thoughts and actions are clearly beneficial for our physical and mental health. - Dalai Lama
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love. - Morihei Ueshiba
Loyalty and friendship are the most precious possessions a man can have. - Herbert Hoover
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have. - Ernie Banks
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity. - Oprah Winfrey
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.   - Seneca
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Seneca the Younger
Lust, anger and greed are the three gates to self-destructive hell. - Bhagavad Gita
Lying can never save us from another lie. - Vaclav Havel
Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Make each day your masterpiece. - John Wooden
Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker.   - Zig Ziglar
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention. - Roy T. Bennett
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in. - Katherine Mansfield
Make it your habit not to be critical about small things. - Edward Everett Hale
Make no small plans for they have no power to stir the soul. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Make peace within, and there will be no one who can overcome you. And no one you will wish to overcome. - Dan Millman
Make peace with your inner turmoil. - Unknown
Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens. - Epictetus
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.   - Epictetus 
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.  - Epictetus
Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.  - Ralph Emerson
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.  - Ralph Emerson
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Make your life a mission - not an intermission. - Unknown
Make your mind your own business. - Jack Butcher
Make yourself so useful to other people, that they think you are irreplaceable. - Og Mandino
Make your stand today. On this spot. On this day. - Ming-Dao Deng
Making money isn't hard in itself... What's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting one's life to. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Making your mark on the world is hard. If it were easy, everybody would do it. - Barack Obama
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. - Peter Drucker
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
Man is affected not by events but by the view he takes of them.   - Seneca
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.  - Blaise Pascal
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed. - Blaise Pascal
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have. - Jean-Paul Sartre
Man must use what he has, not hope for what is not. - G.I. Gurdjieff
Man's character is his fate. - Heraclitus
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun. - Alan Watts
Many answers to what you seek don't lie 'out there'. If you look inwards, you'll find the answer has been in you all along. - Celestine Chua
Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain. - Kabir
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after. - Henry David Thoreau
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
Many people have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.  - Helen Keller
Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.  - 
Many people spend more time looking at their failures than focusing on their successes. - Lolly Daskal
Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.  - Byron Pulsifer
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Many roads lead to the path, but basically there are only two: reason and practice.  - Bodhidharma
Many sophisticated, intelligent people lack wisdom and common sense. - Joyce Meyer
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation. - Samuel Richardson
Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power. - Lao Tzu
Mastery is not a function of genius or talent, it is a function of time and intense focus applied to a particular field of knowledge. - Robert Greene
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.   - Wayne Dyer
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you. - Wayne Dyer
May all beings have happy minds. - The Buddha
Maybe you are searching among the branches, for what only appears in the roots. - Rumi
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.  - Thich Nhat Hanh
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
May you find grace as you surrender to life. May you find happiness, as you stop seeking it. - Dan Millman
May you live all the days of your life. - Jonathan Swift
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with. - Peter Elbow
Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations. - Alfred Adler
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.  - Arthur Conan Doyle
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius. - Arthur Conan Doyle
Meditate … do not delay, lest you later regret it. - The Buddha
Meditate. It won't be fun but it will surface what you need to deal with. - Naval Ravikant
Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.  - Buddha
Meditation brings wisdom, lack of meditation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back and choose the path that leads to wisdom. - The Buddha
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.  - Voltaire
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity. - Voltaire
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything. - John Kenneth Galbraith
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.   - Samuel Johnson
Memory is the mother of all wisdom. - Samuel Johnson
Memory is the scribe of the soul. - Aristotle
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.   - Epictetus 
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them. - Epictetus
Men are equal; it is not birth but virtue that makes the difference. - Voltaire
Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire. - Dan Brown
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.  - Niccolo Machiavelli
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration. - Niccolò Machiavelli
Men learn to love the woman they are attracted to. Women learn to become attracted to the man they fall in love with. - Woody Allen
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.  - Sophocles 
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till someone dash it from them. - Sophocles
Men trust their ears less than their eyes. - Herodotus
{"message":"Not authenticated"}{"message":"Not authenticated"}Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. - Steve Jobs
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.  - Paavo Nurmi 
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind. - Paavo Nurmi
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open. - Thomas Dewar
Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort. - Charles Dickens
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.   - Wayne Dyer
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing. - Wayne Dyer
Misfortune shows those who are not really friends. - Aristotle
Mistake is a mistake only if you make it twice. - Robin Sharma
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.   - Bruce Lee 
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.  - Bruce Lee
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them. - Bruce Lee
Mistakes are painful when they happen, but years later a collection of mistakes is what is called experience. - Denis Waitley
Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom. - Phyllis Grissim-Theroux
Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations. - Philip Breedveld
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.   - Donald Trump 
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win. - Stephen King
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.  - Aristotle
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts. - Aristotle
More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength. - Dalai Lama
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin. - 
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.  - Abraham Lincoln
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Most great people have achieved their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure. - Napoleon Hill
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.   - Napoleon Hill 
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure. - Napoleon Hill
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.  - Orison Marden 
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Most of the evil in this world is done by people with good intentions. - T.S. Eliot
Most of the important things in the world have been accompanied by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. - Dale Carnegie
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.  - Dale Carnegie
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. - Dale Carnegie
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Most of us live our lives by accident - we live as it happens. Fulfilment comes when we live our lives on purpose. - Simon Sinek
Most people achieved their greatest success one step beyond what looked like their greatest failure. - Brian Tracy
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be  - Abraham Lincoln
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be - Abraham Lincoln
Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular. - Tony Robbins
Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility. - Sigmund Freud
Most people fail in life because they major in minor things. - Tony Robbins
Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit. - Les Brown
Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well. - Warren Buffett
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. - William James
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them.  - Henry Ford
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.  - Seneca 
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power. - Seneca the Younger
Most smiles are started by another smile. - 
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.   - Zig Ziglar
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.  - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new. - Brian Tracy
Much learning does not teach understanding. - Heraclitus
Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others - The Buddha
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words. - Sophocles
Much wisdom often goes with fewest words. - Sophocles
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone. - Alan Watts
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.   - Lao Tzu 
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe. - Laozi
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy. - Ludwig van Beethoven
Music is like creating an emotional painting. The sounds are the colors. - Yanni
My actions are my only true belongings. I cannot escape the consequences of my actions. My actions are the ground upon which I stand. - Thich Nhat Hanh
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. - Henry Ford
My definition of success is control. - Kenneth Branagh
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time. - Steve Jobs
My friends are my estate. - Emily Dickinson
My guiding principle is this: Guilt is never to be doubted.  - Franz Kafka
My instinct is always to seek out challenges as opposed to avoiding them. - Josh Waitzkin
My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging. - Hank Aaron
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success. - Isaac Newton
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind. - Albert Einstein
My reputation grows with every failure.  - George Shaw
My sun sets to rise again. - Robert Browning
 Myths which are believed in tend to become true.  - George Orwell
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.  - George Orwell
Myths which are believed in tend to become true. - George Orwell
Natural talent only determines the limits of your athletic potential. It's dedication and a willingness to discipline your life that makes you great. - Billie Jean King
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. - Lao Tzu
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.  - Ralph Emerson
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy. - Isaac Newton
Nature loves to hide. - Heraclitus
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used. - William Inge
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.  - William R. Inge
Nearly every crisis seems to be the worst one, but after it's over, it isn't so bad. - Harry S. Truman
Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship. - Johann Kaspar Lavater
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.  - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius. - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.  - Jean Lacordaire 
Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes. - Christopher Reeve
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. - Benjamin Disraeli
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. - Benjamin Disraeli
Never argue with ignorance. It only leads to frustration. - Unknown
Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience. - Mark Twain
Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. - William Faulkner
Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic. - 
Never be bored, and you will never be boring. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.  - Helen Keller 
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye. - Helen Keller
Never buy a thing you do not want, because it is cheap, it will be dear to you. - Thomas Jefferson
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart. - Charles Dickens
Never complain and never explain. - Benjamin Disraeli
Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it. - Norman Cousins
Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it. - Norman Cousins
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do. - Amelia Earhart
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.  - Amelia Earhart
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do. - Amelia Earhart
Never do to others what you would not like them to do to you.  - Confucius
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. - Margaret Mead
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has. - Margaret Mead
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway. - Elbert Hubbard
Never fear quarrels, but seek hazardous adventures. - Alexandre Dumas
Never feel shame for trying and failing, for he who has never failed is he who has never tried. - Og Mandino
Never find fault with the absent. - Alexander Pope
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway. - Earl Nightingale
Never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. - Stephen Hawking
Never give way to laziness. - Bhagavad Gita
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.  - Leo Buscaglia
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations. - Leo Buscaglia
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done. - Amelia Earhart
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. - Napoleon
Never let lack of money interfere with having fun. - 
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. - Babe Ruth
Never let the things you can't do stop you from doing what you can. - Ronald Reagan
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. - Doug Ivester
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever. - Roy T. Bennett
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness. - Chanakya
Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it. - 
Never mistake activity for achievement.   - John Wooden 
Never mistake activity for achievement. - John Wooden
Never mistake motion for action.  - Ernest Hemingway
Never mistake motion for action. - Ernest Hemingway
Never, never, never give up.   - Winston Churchill 
Never, never, never give up. - Winston Churchill
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command. - Alan Watts
Never promise more than you can perform.  - Publilius Syrus
Never promise more than you can perform. - Publilius Syrus
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.   - Thomas Jefferson
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today. - Thomas Jefferson
Never put off to tomorrow what you can do to-day. - Thomas Jefferson
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm. - Pope Paul VI
Never regret your past. Rather, embrace it as the teacher that it is. - Robin Sharma
Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion. - Michael Jordan
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf. - Albert Schweitzer
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf. - Albert Schweitzer
Never settle for the crumbs of life. - Og Mandino
Never spend your money before you have earned it. - Thomas Jefferson
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
Never take your position for granted and never let any favors you receive go to your head. - Robert Greene
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing.  - John Holmes 
Never tell me the sky’s the limit when there are footprints on the moon. - 
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. - George S. Patton
Never to suffer would never to have been blessed. - Edgar Allan Poe
Never trust he who trusts everyone. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Never was anything great achieved without danger. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Never waste a minute of your precious life thinking about people you don't like. - Celestine Chua
Never whine, never complain, never try to justify yourself. - Robert Greene
New beginnings are disguised as painful endings. - Lao Tzu
New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without any other reason but because they are not common. - John Locke
Night is a more quiet time to work. It aids thought. - Alexander Graham Bell
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time. - Theodore Roosevelt
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.  - Napoleon Hill
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. - Napoleon Hill
No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future. - Roy T. Bennett
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. - William Blake
Nobody can do everything, but everybody can do something. - 
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.  - Edmund Burke
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. - Edmund Burke
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.  - Liberace
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself. - Liberace
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.  - David Eddings 
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss. - David Eddings
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. - Robert Southey
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. - James Allen
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution. - Niccolò Machiavelli
No garden is without its weeds.  - Thomas Fuller
No garden is without its weeds. - Thomas Fuller
No grand idea was ever born in a conference, but a lot of foolish ideas have died there. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness. - Aristotle
No idea, no matter how good, will work if it doesn't get used. - Peter A. Cohen
No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say. - Jason Fried
No kind action ever stops with itself. One kind action leads to another. Good example is followed. - Amelia Earhart
No man becomes rich unless he enriches others. - Andrew Carnegie
No man can get rich himself unless he enriches others. - Earl Nightingale
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.   - Napoleon Hill 
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like. - Napoleon Hill
No man ever reached to excellence in any one art or profession without having passed through the slow and painful process of study and preparation.  - Horace
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man. - Heraclitus
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. - Abraham Lincoln
No man is free who is not master of himself.   - Epictetus 
No man is free who is not master of himself. - Epictetus
No man is happy unless he believes he is. - Publilius Syrus
No man is happy who does not think himself so. - Norman Vincent Peale
No man was ever wise by chance.  - Seneca
No man was ever wise by chance. - Seneca the Younger
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or to get all the credit for doing it. - Andrew Carnegie
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto. - W. Clement Stone
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.   - W. Clement Stone
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again. - Buddha
No matter how much preparation we do, in the real tests of our lives, we'll be in unfamiliar terrain. - Josh Waitzkin
No matter how qualified or deserving we are, we will never reach a better life until we can imagine it for ourselves and allow ourselves to have it. - Richard Bach
No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way. - Kamal Ravikant
No matter how tall the mountain is, it cannot block the sun. - Chinese Proverb
No matter what happens, always be yourself. - Dale Carnegie
No matter what happens in life, never lose sight of who you are. - Yanni
No matter who you are, we're creatures of habit. The better your habits are, the better they will be in pressure situations. - Wayne Gretzky
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
None but ourselves can free our minds. - Bob Marley
None knows the weight of another's burden. - George Herbert
None of us can change our yesterdays but all of us can change our tomorrows. - Colin Powell
No one can compete with you on being you. Most of life is a search for who and what needs you the most. - Naval Ravikant
No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow. - Euripides
No one can hurt you without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
No one ever is defeated until defeat has been accepted as a reality. - Napoleon Hill
No one ever said life was fair. Just Eventful. - Carol Burnett
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.  - Sam Rayburn
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut. - Sam Rayburn
No one has ever become poor by giving.  - Anne Frank
No one has ever become poor by giving. - Anne Frank
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another. - Charles Dickens
No one returns from a long journey the same person they were before. - Zen Proverb
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.   - Buddha 
No one who achieves success does so without the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.  - Alfred North Whitehead
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise. - Barack Obama
No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow. - Alice Walker
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.  - Alice Walker
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.   - Helen Keller
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.  - Helen Keller
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit. - Helen Keller
Normal is the average of deviance. - Rita Mae Brown
Normality is a paved road: It's comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow on it. - Vincent van Gogh
No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place. - Zen Proverb
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible. - Voltaire
Not all readers are leaders, but all leaders are readers. - Harry S. Truman
Not all those who wander are lost. - J. R. R. Tolkien
Not all those who wander are lost. - J.R.R. Tolkien
Not doing it is certainly the best way to not getting it.   - Wayne Gretzky
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.  - Bodhidharma
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom. - Bodhidharma
Note that this journey is uniquely yours, no one elses. So the path has to be your own. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.   - Epictetus 
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort. - Epictetus
Not everything that weighs you down is yours to carry. - Unknown
Nothing brings down walls as surely as acceptance. - Deepak Chopra
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend. - Plautus
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself. - Dale Carnegie
Nothing can dim the light which shines from within. - Maya Angelou
Nothing can survive without food. Everything we consume acts either to heal us or to poison us. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world. - Jane Addams
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.  - Jane Addams
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.   - Walter Anderson
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action. - Walter Inglis Anderson
Nothing endures but change. - Heraclitus
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. - Pema Chodron
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. - Pema Chödrön
Nothing ever happened in the past that can prevent you from being present now; and if the past cannot prevent you from being present now, what power does it have? - Eckhart Tolle
Nothing external to you has any power over you. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. - Thomas Jefferson
Nothing good ever comes of violence. - Martin Luther
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.  - Ralph Emerson
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing happens unless first a dream.  - Carl Sandburg
Nothing happens unless first we dream.  - Carl Sandburg
Nothing happens unless first we dream. - Carl Sandburg
Nothing has any power over me other than that which I give it through my conscious thoughts. - Tony Robbins
Nothing has more strength than dire necessity. - Euripides
Nothing important is learned; it is simply remembered. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result. - Winston Churchill
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.  - Marie Curie
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. - Marie Curie
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.   - Marie Curie 
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. - Marie Curie
Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day. - Paulo Coelho
Nothing in this world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty. - Theodore Roosevelt
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.  - Ralph Emerson
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.  - Rodin
Nothing is easier than fault finding. - Og Mandino
Nothing is hopeless; we must hope for everything. - Euripides
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!' - Audrey Hepburn
Nothing is more creative...nor destructive...than a brilliant mind with a purpose. - Dan Brown
Nothing is more real than nothing. - Samuel Beckett
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.   - Ralph Blum
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.  - James Matthew Barrie
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.   - Lao Tzu 
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it. - Laozi
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.  - Frances de Sales
Nothing is too high for a man to reach, but he must climb with care and confidence - Hans Christian Andersen
Nothing like a health problem to turn up the contrast dial for the rest of life. - Naval Ravikant
Nothing makes a man broad-minded like adversity. - Will Rogers
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.   - Leonardo da Vinci
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence. - Leonardo da Vinci
Nothing that results in human progress is achieved with unanimous consent. - Christopher Columbus
Nothing we see or hear is perfect. But right there in the imperfection is perfect reality. - Shunryu Suzuki
Nothing will work unless you do.   - Maya Angelou 
Nothing will work unless you do. - Maya Angelou
Nothing you do is going to matter that much in the long run. Don't take yourself so seriously. - Naval Ravikant
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing. - Seneca
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.   - Bruce Lee 
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind. - Bruce Lee
Not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.  - Sala
No tree, it is said, can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell. - Carl Jung
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance. - Jean Antoine Petit-Senn
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance. - John Petit-Senn
Not why the addiction but why the pain. - Gabor Mate
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. - Alan Watts
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. - Alan Watts
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning. - Winston Churchill
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today. - Brendan Behan
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today. - Brendan Francis
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.  - Sophocles
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man. - Sophocles
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it. - Albus Dumbledore
Numbing the pain for a while will only make it worse when you finally feel it. - Albus Dumbledore
Observe things as they are and don't pay attention to other people. - Huang Po
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.  - Henry Ford
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - Henry Ford
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.  - Hannah More
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. - Hannah More
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you. - Jeffrey Gitomer
Obstacles don't block the path, they are the path. - Zen Proverb
Of all men's miseries the bitterest is this: to know so much and to have control over nothing.  - Herodotus
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious. - Herodotus
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship. - Epicurus
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.  - Arthur Rubinstein 
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings. - Arthur Rubinstein
Often in the real world, it's not the smart that get ahead, but the bold. - Robert Kiyosaki
Often we pass beside happiness without seeing it, without looking at it, or even if we have seen and looked at it, without recognizing it. - Alexandre Dumas
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young. - Theodore Roosevelt
Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die. - Herbert Hoover
Once a decision was made, I didn't worry about it afterward. - Harry S. Truman
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road. - Stewart Brand
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.   - Albert Einstein
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them. - Albert Einstein
Once you choose hope, anything's possible. - Christopher Reeve
Once you choose hope, anythings possible.  - Christopher Reeve
Once you label me you negate me. - Søren Kierkegaard
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. - Vince Lombardi
One always begins to forgive a place as soon as it's left behind. - Charles Dickens
One beam, no matter how big, cannot support an entire house on its own. - Chinese Proverb
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful. - Sigmund Freud
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.  - André Gide
One faces the future with ones past. - Pearl Buck
One fails forward toward success. - Charles F. Kettering
One fails forward toward success.  - Charles Kettering
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim. - Brooks Adams
One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
One loses many laughs by not laughing at oneself. - Mary Engelbreit
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. - Euripides
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. - Elbert Hubbard
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it. - Knute Rockne
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.   - Albert Einstein
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility. - Albert Einstein
One mistake does not have to rule a person's entire life. - Joyce Meyer
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.  - E.M. Forster
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life. - E. M. Forster
One must be poor to know the luxury of giving. - George Eliot
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.  - Hannah Senesh
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that one's life has meaning, that one is needed in this world. - Hannah Szenes
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.  - A. A. Milne
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries. - A. A. Milne
One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries. - A.A. Milne
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory. - Rita Mae Brown
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. - Seneca the Younger
One of the most difficult things is not to change society - but to change yourself. - Nelson Mandela
One of the oldest human needs is having someone to wonder where you are when you don't come home at night.  - Margaret Mead
One of the really tough things is figuring out what questions to ask. Once you figure out the question, then the answer is relatively easy. - Elon Musk
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. - Olivier Messiaen
One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power. - Tony Robbins
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.  - Benjamin Disraeli 
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Benjamin Disraeli
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human. - George Santayana
One should not hurt others if one loves oneself. - The Buddha
One should train in deeds of merit—generosity, a balanced life, developing a loving mind—that yield long-lasting happiness. - The Buddha
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion. - Simone de Beauvoir
One small positive thought can change your whole day. - Zig Ziglar
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility. - Eleanor Roosevelt
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent. - Epictetus
One that desires to excel should endeavour in those things that are in themselves most excellent. - Epictetus
One today is worth two tomorrows. - Benjamin Franklin
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, in every rill a sweet instruction flows. - Edward Young
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.  - Edward Young
One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.  - 
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.   - Albert Schweitzer
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity. - Albert Schweitzer
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.   - Lao Tzu 
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him. - Laozi
Only by acceptance of the past, can you alter it. - T.S. Eliot
Only by attracting the best people will you accomplish great deeds. - Colin Powell
Only do what your heart tells you.  - Princess Diana
Only do what your heart tells you. - Princess Diana
Only he who has no use for the empire is fit to be entrusted with it. - Zhuangzi
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. - Carol Burnett
Only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of love. - George Eliot
Only one thing is ever guaranteed, that is that you will definitely not achieve the goal if you don't take the shot. - Wayne Gretzky
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
Only the educated are free. - Epictetus
Only the hand that erases can write the true thing. - Meister Eckhart
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.  - Robert Kennedy
Only those who do nothing at all make no mistakes. - Unknown
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. - T.S. Eliot
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.  - Harriet Lerner
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others. - Harriet Lerner
Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible in us be found. - Pema Chodron
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. - Albert Einstein
Only when I fall do I get up again. - Vincent van Gogh
Only when one allows themself the right to die, do they then give yourself the permission to live. - C. Sean McGee
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.  - Dorothy Thompson
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live. - Dorothy Thompson
Only when you can be extremely pliable and soft can you be extremely hard and strong. - Zen Proverb
On the other side of the clouds is a bright blue sky. - Unknown
Open minds lead to open doors. - 
Open your eyes and look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living? - Bob Marley
Open your mind before your mouth. - Aristophanes
Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them. - Audrey Hepburn
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. - Sun Tzu
Opportunity comes when you continually push forward. - Sonia Ricotti
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. - Kyle Chandler
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.  - Thomas Edison
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune or temporary defeat. - Napoleon Hill
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.   - Napoleon Hill 
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat. - Napoleon Hill
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other. - Brian Tracy
Optimism, when applied to your life, develops strength and peace within you. - Norman Vincent Peale
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.  - Laurence J. Peter
Others can stop you temporarily - you are the only one who can do it permanently. - Zig Ziglar
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not - Pablo Picasso
Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings.   - Catherine Pulsifer
Our achievements of today are but the sum total of our thoughts of yesterday. You are today where the thoughts of yesterday have brought you and you will be tomorrow where the thoughts of today take you.  - Blaise Pascal 
Our anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strengths. - Charles Spurgeon
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.  - Sarah Breathnach
Our distrust is very expensive.  - Ralph Emerson
Our distrust is very expensive. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.  - Jane Addams
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt. - Jane Addams
Our greatest fears lie in anticipation. - Honore de Balzac
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall. - 
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.   - Confucius 
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas Edison
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves. - Mahatma Gandhi
Our happiness depends on the habit of mind we cultivate. - Norman Vincent Peale
Our heart is a treasury; if you pour out all its wealth at once, you are bankrupt. - Honore de Balzac
Our intention creates our reality.   - Wayne Dyer
Our intention creates our reality. - Wayne Dyer
Our joy does not have to be based on our circumstances. - Joyce Meyer
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.  - Gordon  Hinckley 
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe. - Gordon Hinckley
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.   - Wayne Dyer
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made. - Wayne Dyer
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.  - Gordon  Hinckley 
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith. - Gordon Hinckley
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
Our passion is our strength.  - Billie Armstrong
Our passion is our strength. - Billie Armstrong
Our shared values define us more than our differences. And acknowledging those shared values can see us through our challenges today if we have the wisdom to trust in them again. - John McCain
Our stories may be singular, but our destination is shared. - Barack Obama
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. - Henry David Thoreau
Our true wealth is the good we do in this world. None of us has faith unless we desire for our neighbours what we desire for ourselves. - Mohammed
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.   - Nikola Tesla 
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.  - Nikola Tesla
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. - Nikola Tesla
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities. - Edward Gibbon
Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength. - Sigmund Freud
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission.   - Zig Ziglar
Over time, loneliness gets inside you and doesn't go away. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive! - Walter Scott
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain. - Kahlil Gibran
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands. - Anne Frank
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a persons character lies in their own hands. - Anne Frank
Passion creates, addiction consumes. - Gabor Mate
Passion creates the desire for more and action fuelled by passion creates a future.  - Byron Pulsifer
Passion is born deaf and dumb. - Honore de Balzac
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.  - Oprah Winfrey
Paths are made by walking. - Franz Kafka
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.   - John Adams
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.  - John Adams
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. - John Adams
Patience expands your options. If you insist on immediate gratification, your choices are severely limited. - Ralph Marston
Patience is a bitter plant, but its fruit is sweet. - Chinese Proverb
Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. - Aristotle
Patience is not the ability to wait but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting. - Joyce Meyer
Patience is the companion of wisdom. - Augustine of Hippo
Patience is the companion of wisdom. - Saint Augustine
Peace begins with a smile.   - Mother Teresa 
Peace begins with a smile. - Mother Teresa
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding. - Albert Einstein
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.   - Buddha 
Peaceful is the one who expects nothing. - Maxime Lagace
Peace if possible, truth at all costs. - Martin Luther
Peace is letting it be. Letting life flow, letting emotions flow through you. - Kamal Ravikant
Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means. - Ronald Reagan
Peace is not something you wish for; It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away. - John Lennon
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away. - Robert Fulghum
Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it. - Unknown
Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be.   - Wayne Dyer
Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it. - 
Peace of mind is that mental condition in which you have accepted the worst. - Lin Yutang
People acting together as a group can accomplish things which no individual acting alone could ever hope to bring about. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
People are doing the best that they can from their own level of consciousness. - Deepak Chopra
People are like stained glass windows: they sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light within.  - Elizabeth Kubler-Ross
People are not disturbed by things, but by the views they take of them. - Epictetus
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them. - Tony Robbins
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals — that is, goals that do not inspire them.   - Tony Robbins 
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.  - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe 
People are weird. When we find someone with weirdness that is compatible with ours, we team up and call it love. - Dr. Seuss
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. - Rogers Hornsby
People become attached to their burdens sometimes more than the burdens are attached to them. - George Bernard Shaw
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. - Theodore Roosevelt
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy. - Anton Chekhov
People don't realize that now is all there ever is; there is no past or future except as memory or anticipation in your mind. - Eckhart Tolle
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.  - Eleanor Roosevelt
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built. - Eleanor Roosevelt
People have the illusion that all over the world, all the time, all kinds of fantastic things are happening. - David Brinkley
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.   - Lewis Cass
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do. - Lewis Cass
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. - Zig Ziglar
People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent. - Bob Dylan
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.  - Lee Mildon
People should pursue what they're passionate about. That will make them happier than pretty much anything else. - Elon Musk
People spend too much time doing and not enough time thinking about what they should be doing. - Naval Ravikant
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost. - Dalai Lama
People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
People think about what they don't want and attract more of the same. - Unknown
People think you're crazy if you talk about things they don't understand. - Elvis Presley
People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge. - Masayoshi Son
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents. - Andrew Carnegie
People who avoid failure also avoid success. - Robert Kiyosaki
People who belittle people, will be LITTLE people, and will accomplish very Little - Norman Vincent Peale
People who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them. - Eric Hoffer
People who have goals succeed because they know where they're going. It's that simple. - Earl Nightingale
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. - Chinese Proverb
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. - George Bernard Shaw
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. - Maya Angelou
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine. - Brian Tracy
Perfectionism is simply putting a limit on your future. - John Eliot
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. - Vince Lombardi
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seems to characterize our age. - Albert Einstein
Perhaps the most tragic thing about mankind is that we are all dreaming about some magical garden over the horizon, instead of enjoying the roses that are right outside today. - Andrew Carnegie
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak. - Thomas Carlyle
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. - Colin Powell
Perseverance and spirit have done wonders in all ages.  - George Washington
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.   - Henry Longfellow 
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Persistence is very important. You should not give up unless you are forced to give up. - Elon Musk
Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane. - Criss Jami
Personal transformation can and does have global effects. As we go, so goes the world, for the world is us. The revolution that will save the world is ultimately a personal one.  - Marianne Williamson
Persuasion is often more effectual than force. - Aesop
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.  - Jonathan Kozol
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. - Jonathan Kozol
Pitching is the art of instilling fear. - Sandy Koufax
Plants grow weak without wind. - Maxime Lagace
Play your part in life, but never forget that it is only a role. - Paramahansa Yogananda
Pleasure can be supported by an illusion; but happiness rests upon truth.  - Nicolas Chamfort
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle
Pleasure is always derived from something outside you, whereas joy arises from within.  - Eckhart Tolle
Ponder and deliberate before you make a move. - Sun Tzu
Positive thinking can be contagious. Being surrounded by winners helps you develop into a winner. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.   - Zig Ziglar 
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. - Zig Ziglar
Poverty and hardship are created by false thinking. - Bodhidharma
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater. - Epictetus
Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.   - Epictetus 
Prefer to be defeated in the presence of the wise than to excel among fools. - Dogen
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.   - Maya Angelou
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. - Maya Angelou
Preoccupied with a single leaf you won't see the tree. - Unknown
Presents are made for the pleasure of who gives them, not the merits of who receives them. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get. - Warren Buffett
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. - Robert Schuller
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.  - Hugh Miller 
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them. - Hugh Miller
Problems remain as problems because people are busy defending them rather than finding solutions. - Celestine Chua
Procrastination is attitude's natural assassin. There's nothing so fatiguing as an uncompleted task. - William James
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy. - Wayne Gretzky
Productize your perspective. - Jack Butcher
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Hal Abelson
Progress comes to those who train and train; reliance on secret techniques will get you nowhere. - Morihei Ueshiba
Progress is limited by your ability to change your mind. - Jack Butcher
Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be. - Kahlil Gibran
Projecting your mind into a successful situation is the most powerful means to achieve goals.   - Estee Lauder
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.  - Hannah Arendt
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible. - Hannah Arendt
Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want. - Geoffrey F. Abert
Public opinion is the worst of all opinions. - Nicolas Chamfort
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh. - Francis of Assisi
Purity and impurity depend on oneself; no one can purify another. - The Buddha
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes. - Roy T. Bennett
Put your future in good hands — your own. - 
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.  - John Ruskin
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort. - John Ruskin
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. - Aristotle
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.  - Henry Ford 
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing. - Euripides
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions. - Sophocles
Quiet people have the loudest minds. - Stephen Hawking
Quiet people have the loudest minds. - Stephen King
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world — above, below, and across — unhindered, without ill will, without enmity. - The Buddha
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world… - The Buddha
Rainbows apologize for angry skies.  - Sylvia Voirol
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder. - Rumi
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer. - Jean de La Fontaine
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth. - Henry David Thoreau
Rather than waste time and energy worrying, use that time and energy to constructively deal with whatever is causing the worry. - Celestine Chua
Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change.  - Catherine Pulsifer 
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life. - George Herbert
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking. - Albert Einstein
Reading should be a pleasure, not a chore. - Joan Rivers
Real growth comes through intense, difficult, and challenging situations. - Kamal Ravikant
Realistic people do not accomplish extraordinary things. - John Eliot
Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it. - Gustave Flaubert
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.  - Gustave Flaubert
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.  - Albert Einstein
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch. - Lily Tomlin
Reality is the leading cause of stress among those in touch with it. - Lily Tomlin
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.  - John Lennon
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. - John Lennon
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have.  - Eckhart Tolle
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life.  - Eckhart Tolle
Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Real loss is only possible when you love something more than you love yourself. - Robin Williams
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others. - Wayne Dyer
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.  - David McCullough
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love. - David McCullough
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.  - Thomas Jefferson
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error. - Thomas Jefferson
Receive without complaint, Work with fate. - Ming-Dao Deng
Receive without pride, let go without attachment. - Marcus Aurelius
Re-examine all that you have been told... dismiss that which insults your soul. - Walt Whitman
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. - Charles Dickens
Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. - Charles Dickens
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Relax. Nothing is under control. - Adi Da Samraj
Remain calm. Be kind. - Colin Powell
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.  - Eleanor Roosevelt
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Remember, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things. - Stephen King
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind. - Buddha
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. - Steve Jobs
Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.  - Zig Ziglar 
Remember that failure is an event, not a person. - Zig Ziglar
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck. - Dalai Lama
Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other. - Dalai Lama
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Remember the entrance to the sanctuary is inside you. - Rumi
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. - Dale Carnegie
Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. - Stephen Hawking
Remember we're all in this alone. - Lily Tomlin
Remember where you came from, where you're going, and why you created this mess you got yourself into in the first place. - Richard Bach
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Resentment or grudges do no harm to the person against whom you hold these feelings but every day and every night of your life, they are eating at you. - Norman Vincent Peale
Resilience is not what happens to you. It's how you react to, respond to, and recover from what happens to you. - Jeffrey Gitomer
Resolutely train yourself to attain peace. - The Buddha
Respect is earned by effort not age, all things age without effort. - C. Sean McGee
Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.  - Byron Pulsifer
Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them. - Roy T. Bennett
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years. - Frank Lloyd Wright
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.  - Frank Wright 
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be. - Leo Tolstoy
Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.  - Byron Pulsifer 
Rest and be kind, you don't have to prove anything. - Jack Kerouac
Rest in reason; move in passion. - Kahlil Gibran
Rest when you're weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work. - Ralph Marston
Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work. - Thomas Edison
Reversing your treatment of the man you have wronged is better than asking his forgiveness. - Elbert Hubbard
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.  - Confucius
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher. - Confucius
Rewards and punishment is the lowest form of education. - Zhuangzi
Riches don't make a man rich, they only make him busier. - Christopher Columbus
Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs. - Zig Ziglar
Ripe fruit falls by itself - but it doesn't fall in your mouth.  - Chinese Proverb
Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical.Expect more than others think is possible.  - Cadet Maxim
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day. - A.A. Milne
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community. - Steven Van Zandt
Routine life is unbearable, and most people only think about how to escape into the world of fantasy and dreams. - Robert Greene
Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength. - Eric Hoffer
Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma. - Winston Churchill
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.  - Jean de la Fontaine
Sadness flies away on the wings of time. - Jean de La Fontaine
Sadness is but a wall between two gardens. - Kahlil Gibran
Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.  - Byron Pulsifer
Sad thing is, you can still love someone and be wrong for them. - Elvis Presley
Saying nothing sometimes says the most. - Emily Dickinson
Saying thank you is more than good manners. It is good spirituality.  - Alfred Painter
Scared people want comfort and certainty so they avoid failure. People living fully seek challenges because this is where they feel alive. - Maxime Lagace
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response. - Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.
Science can flourish only in an atmosphere of free speech.  - Albert Einstein
Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom. - Will Durant
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.  - Immanuel Kant
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life. - Immanuel Kant
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort. - Dalai Lama
See what you're doing wrong, laugh at it, change and do better. - Spencer Johnson
Self-complacency is fatal to progress. - Margaret Sangster
Self-control is strength. - James Allen
Selfishness and greed, individual or national, cause most of our troubles. - Harry S. Truman
Self-knowledge is the beginning of self-correction. - Norman Vincent Peale
Self-trust is the first secret of success.  - Ralph Emerson
Self-trust is the first secret of success. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting. - George Orwell
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.  - Albert Einstein
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means. - Albert Einstein
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.   - Tony Robbins 
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. - Tony Robbins
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. - Bo Jackson
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.  - Ralph Emerson
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. - Christie Brinkley
She who loves roses must be patient and not cry out when she is pierced by thorns. - Kenji Miyazawa
Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. - Les Brown
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. - Norman Vincent Peale
Short cuts make long delays. - J.R.R. Tolkien
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.   - Winston Churchill 
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all. - Winston Churchill
Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good. - The Buddha
Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course. - The Buddha
Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy. - The Buddha
Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure. - The Buddha
Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.  - Bruce Lee
Show kindness but never expect it. Show authenticity but never expect it. Only the wise are indifferent to things they can't control. - Maxime Lagace
Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Show up even when you don't want to show up. - Steve Harvey
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.   - Plutarch 
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech. - Plutarch
Silence is a fence around wisdom.  - German Proverb 
Silence is a source of great strength.   - Lao Tzu 
Silence is a source of great strength. - Lao Tzu
Silence is a source of great strength. - Laozi
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.   - Confucius 
Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.  - Carlyle
Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time. - Thomas Carlyle
Silence is sometimes the best answer. - Dalai Lama
Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it. - Deepak Chopra
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom. - Francis Bacon
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.  - Confucius
Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.  - Margaret Runbeck 
Simple words, repeated daily, can change your life. - Maxime Lagace
Simplicity is a difficult thing to achieve.   - Charlie Chaplin
Simplicity is the glory of expression. - Walt Whitman
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.   - Wayne Dyer
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy. - Wayne Dyer
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.  - Confucius
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men. - Confucius
Since you alone are responsible for your thoughts, only you can change them. - Paramahansa Yogananda
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim. - John D. Rockefeller
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right. - Abraham Lincoln
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity. - William C. Menninger
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.  - William Menninger
Skill to do comes of doing.  - Ralph Emerson
Skill to do comes of doing. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you. - John De Paola
Small men think they are small; great men never know they are great.  - Chinese Proverb
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.  - Demosthenes
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. - Demosthenes
Smile, breathe and go slowly.  - Thich Nhat Hanh
Smile, breathe and go slowly. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Smile, breathe, and go slowly. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Smile, breathe and go slowly. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.  - Vista Kelly 
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.  - Madame de Stael
Society is composed of two great classes those who have more dinners than appetite, and those who have more appetite than dinners. - Nicolas Chamfort
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.  - Ralph Emerson
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.   - Henri-Frederic Amiel
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.  - Henri Frederic Amiel 
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being. - Henri-Frédéric Amiel
So long as we are being remembered, we remain alive. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge. - Eckhart Tolle
Someday death will take us to another star. - Vincent van Gogh
Some do not understand that we must die, But those who do realize this settle their quarrels. - The Buddha
Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not. - George Bernard Shaw
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future. - Dale Turner
Some of the greater things in life are unseen; that's why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream. - Unknown
Some of your greatest lessons come from your darkest moments. - Roger Lee
Someone is special only if you tell them.   - Byron Pulsifer
Someone who points out your flaws to you is not necessarily your enemy. Someone who speaks of your virtues is not necessarily your friend. - Zen Proverb
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.   - Alphonse Karr
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple. - Barry Switzer
Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90. Time is a concept that humans created. - Yoko Ono
Some people don't like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster. - Elon Musk
Some people dream of success, while others wake up and work hard at it. - Napoleon Hill
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.  - Bob Dylan
Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.   - Zig Ziglar
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends. - Virginia Woolf
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you. - Julie Morgenstern
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. - Michael Jordan
Some pursue happiness, others create it. - 
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.   - Rumi 
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness. - Rumi
Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful. - Zig Ziglar
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over. - Octavia E. Butler
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.   - Donald Trump 
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. - Marilyn Monroe
Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions. - Yoko Ono
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.  - Tony Blair 
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing. - Tony Blair
Sometimes it is harder to deprive oneself of a pain than of a pleasure. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Sometimes it is more important to discover what one cannot do, than what one can do. - Lin Yutang
Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on. - Eckhart Tolle
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Sometimes out of your biggest misery, comes your greatest gain. - Steve Harvey
Sometimes success isn't about making the right decision, it's more about making some decision. - Robin Sharma
Sometimes the biggest act of courage is a small one. - Lauren Raffo
Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair. However you must keep smiling and moving on. - Tom Jackson
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. - Etty Hillesum
Sometimes things become possible if we want them bad enough. - T.S. Eliot
Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are. - Roy T. Bennett
Sometimes you have to travel a long way to find what is near. - Paulo Coelho
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down. - Socrates
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.  - Thich Nhat Hanh
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
Sometimes you will never know the value of something, until it becomes a memory. - Dr. Seuss
So much technology, so little talent. - Vernor Vinge
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.  - Richard Bach
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. - Richard Bach
Sorrow is how we learn to love. - Rita Mae Brown
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life. - Lord Byron
So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself. - Alan Watts
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Speak low, if you speak love.   - William Shakespeare 
Speak low, if you speak love. - William Shakespeare
Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing. - The Buddha
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret. - Laurence J. Peter
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.  - Ambrose Bierce
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. - Ambrose Bierce
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation. - Robert Schuller
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities. Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life.  - Robert C. Solomon
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. - Mother Teresa
Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life. - Byron Pulsifer
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You'll find they haven't half the strength you think they have. - Norman Vincent Peale
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart. - Roy T. Bennett
Start the day with love, spend the day with love, fill the day with love and end the day with love. - Sathya Sai Baba
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable. - Franz Kafka
Stay away from people who makes you feel like you are wasting their time. - Paulo Coelho
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be. - Marsha Petrie Sue
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.   - Tony Robbins 
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. - Tony Robbins
Staying in one place is the best path to be taken over and surpassed by many.  - Byron Pulsifer
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act. - Dr. Seuss
Still your waters. - Josh Waitzkin
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion. - Rumi
Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future. - Robin Sharma
Stop being tormented by everyone else's reaction to you. - Joyce Meyer
Stop comparing yourself to others and focus on your own improvement. - Lolly Daskal
Stop wasting time looking at someone else's reality while doing nothing about yours. - Steve Harvey
Storms don't last forever. - Unknown
Strategy is a commodity, execution is an art. - Peter Drucker
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat. - Sun Tzu
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. - Mahatma Gandhi
Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.  - Byron Pulsifer
Stress happens when the mind resists what is. - Dan Millman
Strive for excellence, not perfection, because we don't live in a perfect world. - Joyce Meyer
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.   - Richard Bach 
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger. - Richard Bach
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.  - Richard Needham
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong. - Richard Needham
Study logic and math, because once you've mastered them, you won't fear any book. - Naval Ravikant
Study the past, if you would divine the future.   - Confucius 
Study the past, if you would divine the future. - Confucius
Stuff your eyes with wonder... live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories. - Ray Bradbury
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature. - Charles Dickens
Success and failure come and go, but don't let them define you. It's who you are that matters. - Kamal Ravikant
Success builds character. Failure reveals it. - Dave Checketts
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming. - John Wooden
Success comes to those who become success conscious. - Napoleon Hill
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. - George Bernard Shaw
Successful people appreciate where they have come from, but they don't let their past set the tone for their future. - Steve Harvey
Successful people are not without problems. They're simply people who've learned to solve their problems. - Earl Nightingale
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.   - Tony Robbins 
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. - Tony Robbins
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. - Jim Rohn
Successful people tend to become more successful because they are always thinking about their successes. - Brian Tracy
Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self.  - Ralph Marston
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were. - David Rockefeller
Success is about doing the right thing, not about doing everything right. - Gary Keller
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.  - W. Clement Stone
Success is an iceberg. - Unknown
Success is a poor teacher. - Robert Kiyosaki
Success is built sequentially. It's one thing at a time. - Gary Keller
Success is determined by those whom prove the impossible, possible.  - James Pence 
Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want. - Tony Robbins
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Andrew Carnegie
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.  - Dale Carnegie
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie
Success is getting what you want... Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get. - W.P. Kinsella
Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm - Winston Churchill
Success is good at any age, but the sooner you find it, the longer you will enjoy it. - Napoleon Hill
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same. - Audrey Hepburn
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. - Maya Angelou
Success is never final; failure is never fatal. - Conrad Hilton
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts. - John Wooden
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines practiced every day. - Jim Rohn
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. - Roy T. Bennett
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.  - Albert Schweitzer
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
Success is not the result of making money; making money is the result of success - and success is in direct proportion to our service. - Earl Nightingale
Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person you become. - Jim Rohn
Success is not what you do when you are on top.  Success is how high you bounce when you hit the bottom. - Sonia Ricotti
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable. - Coco Chanel
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. - Earl Nightingale
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. - Bobby Unser
Success is within the reach of just about everyone. - Lolly Daskal
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. - George Sheehan
Success on the outside means nothing unless you also have success within. - Robin Sharma
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Such is the state of life, that none are happy but by the anticipation of change: the change itself is nothing; when we have made it, the next wish is to change again. - Samuel Johnson
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.  - John Ruskin
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather. - John Ruskin
Superstars think like superstars long before the fans or the press anoint them. - John Eliot
Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting. - Sun Tzu
Surrender to what is. Let go of what was. Have faith in what will be. - Sonia Ricotti
Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher. - Oprah Winfrey
Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.  - Oprah Winfrey
Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard. - Colin Powell
Sustaining true friendship is a lot more challenging than we give it credit for. - Mariella Frostrup
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart. - Washington Irving
Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom. - Sam Walton
Take away love and our earth is a tomb. - Robert Browning
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
Take care of your cents: dollars will take care of themselves. - Thomas Jefferson
Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.  - English Proverb
Take interest and even delight in doing the small things well. - Jim Rohn
Take into account that great love and great achievements involve great risk. - Dalai Lama
Take it easy — but take it.  - Woody Guthrie
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.   - Bruce Lee 
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against. - Bruce Lee
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people's hands. - Roy T. Bennett
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.  - Ovid
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop. - Ovid
Take the attitude of a student. Never be too big to ask questions. Never know too much to learn something new. - Og Mandino
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.   - Bruce Lee 
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick. - Bruce Lee
Take time like the river that never grows stale. Keep going and steady. No hurry, no rush. - Rumi
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. - Napoleon
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.   - Napoleon Bonaparte 
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. - Swami Vivekananda
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful. - John Wooden
Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful. - Harvey Mackay
Talent is luck. The important thing in life is courage. - Woody Allen
Talk does not cook rice. - Chinese Proverb
Talk to someone about themselves and they'll listen for hours. - Dale Carnegie
Tall oaks grow from little acorns. - Andrew Carnegie
Teachers open the door. You enter by yourself.  - Chinese Proverb
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards. - Aldous Huxley
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works. - John Cleese
Technology has to be invented or adopted. - Jared Diamond
Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born. - Man Ray
Technology… is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other. - Carrie Snow
Technology is a word that describes something that doesn't work yet. - Douglas Adams
Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe. - Alan Watts
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. - Steve Jobs
Technology is teaching us to be human again. - Simon Mainwaring
Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories. - Laurie Anderson
Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable. - Joseph Wood Krutch
Technology presumes there's just one right way to do things and there never is. - Robert M. Pirsig
Technology… the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it. - Max Frisch
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution. - Kahlil Gibran
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity. - Billie Jean King
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are. - Chinese Proverb
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing. - Martin Luther King Jr.
That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well. - Abraham Lincoln
That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along. - Lisa Alther
The ability to hold two competing thoughts in one's mind and still be able to function is the mark of a superior mind. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers. - Brian Tracy
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for. - Oscar Wilde
The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly — that is what each of us is here for.  - Oscar Wilde
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.  - Thich Nhat Hanh
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art. - John Lasseter
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. - Henry Ward Beecher
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. - William James
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order. - Alfred North Whitehead
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.  - Alfred Whitehead
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out. - Walter Benjamin
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while. - Albert Einstein
The attempt to escape from pain, is what creates more pain. - Gabor Mate
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest. - Paul Cezanne
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest. - Paul Cézanne
The ballot is stronger than the bullet. - Abraham Lincoln
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday. - Steve Maraboli
The beginning is always today.  - Mary Wollstonecraft
The beginning is always today. - Mary Wollstonecraft
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.  - Frank Herbert
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand. - Frank Herbert
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth. - Peter Abelard
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.  - Pierre Abelard
The belief that youth is the happiest time of life is founded upon a fallacy. The happiest person is the person who thinks the most interesting thoughts, and we grow happier as we grow older.  - William Phelps
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart. - Helen Keller
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
The best answer to anger is silence. - Marcus Aurelius
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. - Winston Churchill
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind. - Napoleon
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.   - Napoleon Bonaparte 
The best dreams happen when you're awake. - Cherie Gilderbloom
The best fighter is never angry. - Lao Tzu
The best of us sometimes eat our words.   - Albus Dumbledore
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm. - 
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
The best remedy for a short temper is a long walk.  - Jacqueline Schiff
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. - Marcus Aurelius
The best teacher is experience learned from failures.  - Byron Pulsifer 
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.  - Abraham Lincoln
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. - Abraham Lincoln
The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...  - Moncure Conway
The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer... - Moncure D. Conway
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. - Audrey Hepburn
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Zen Proverb
The best way out is always through.  - Robert Frost
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mahatma Gandhi
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.   - Richard Bach 
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it. - Richard Bach
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Abraham Lincoln
The best way to predict your future is to create it. - Abraham Lincoln
The best way to predict your future is to create it.  - Peter Drucker
The best way to predict your future is to create it. - Peter Drucker
The best way to understanding is a few good examples. - Isaac Newton
The biggest adventure is what lies ahead. - J.R.R. Tolkien
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.  - Oprah Winfrey
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams. - Oprah Winfrey
The biggest and only critic lives in your perception of people's perception of you rather than people's perception of you. - Criss Jami
The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it. - Criss Jami
The biggest mistake we could ever make in our lives is to think we work for anybody but ourselves. - Brian Tracy
The biggest room in the world is room for improvement. - Helmut Schmidt
The biggest room in the world is the room for improvement. - Unknown
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work. - Oprah Winfrey
The big thing is to make a winning effort. I'm not obsessed with wins. - Morgan Wootten
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.  - John Berry
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp. - John Berry
The birth of the mind is the death of the senses. - Dan Millman
The businessman's tool is value. - Ayn Rand
The busy man is never wise and the wise man is never busy. - Lin Yutang
The calmed say that what is well-spoken is best; second, that one should say what is right, not unrighteous; third, what's pleasing, not displeasing; fourth, what is true, not false. - The Buddha
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.  - Ovid
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all. - Ovid
The cautious seldom err.  - Confucius
The cautious seldom err. - Confucius
The chief cause of failure and unhappiness is trading what you want most for what you want right now. - Zig Ziglar
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions. - Alfred Adler
The chief enemy of creativity is good sense. - Pablo Picasso
The clock indicates the moment...but what does eternity indicate? - Walt Whitman
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.  - Seneca
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back. - Seneca the Younger
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today. - Unknown
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
The content of your character is your choice. Day by day, what you choose, what you think and what you do is who you become. - Heraclitus
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.  - Edward Ericson
The cost of leadership is self-interest. - Simon Sinek
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.  - Orison Marden 
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.  - Ellen Parr
The danger of an adventure is worth a thousand days of ease and comfort. - Paulo Coelho
The day always looks brighter from behind a smile. - 
The day is already blessed, find peace within it. - 
The day is for honest men, the night for thieves. - Euripides
The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe. - Torquato Tasso
The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.   - Japanese Proverb
The dead receive more flowers than the living because regret is stronger than gratitude. - Anne Frank
The decisions of our past are the architects of our present. - Dan Brown
The deeper the truth in a creative work, the longer it will live.   - Charlie Chaplin
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.  - William James
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated. - William James
The degree of responsibility you take for your life determines how much change you can create in it. - Celestine Chua
The desire for more positive experience is itself a negative experience. - Mark Manson
The destiny of man is in his own soul.  - Herodotus
The difference between impossible and possible is a willing heart. - Lolly Daskal
The difference between treason and patriotism is only a matter of dates. - Alexandre Dumas
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems. - Mahatma Gandhi
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the worlds problems.  - Mohandas Gandhi
The difference between winning and losing is most often not quitting. - Walt Disney
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship. - Mao Zedong
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter. - 
The divine is not something high above us. It is in heaven, it is in earth, it is inside us. - Morihei Ueshiba
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease. - Thomas Edison
The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew.  - Abraham Lincoln
The doors of wisdom are never shut. - Benjamin Franklin
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance. - Benjamin Franklin
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. - Flora Whittemore
The dreamers are the saviors of the worlds. - James Allen
The dream is free, but the hustle is sold separately. - Steve Harvey
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.  - Anais Nin
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle. - Anaïs Nin
The educated differ from the uneducated as much as the living differ from the dead. - Aristotle
The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention. - Alan Watts
The ego wants comfort and certainty. The soul wants to live fully. - Maxime Lagace
The ego wants to go fast. The soul needs to go slow. - Maxime Lagace
The enemy is a very good teacher. - Dalai Lama
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.   - Aristotle 
The energy of the mind is the essence of life. - Aristotle
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. - Peter Drucker
The essence of the Way is detachment. - Bodhidharma
The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses. - Ovid
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.  - Mark Twain
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremist pleasure in life. - Mark Twain
The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness. - Jean Cocteau
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.  - Henri Bergson
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. - Henri Bergson
The eyes of others our prisons; their thoughts our cages. - Virginia Woolf
The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me. - Meister Eckhart
The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.  - St. Jerome
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger. - Michelle Obama
The fact of the matter is that there will be nothing learned from any challenge in which we don't try our hardest. - Josh Waitzkin
The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone. - Lucretius
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see. - Winston Churchill
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see. - Winston Churchill
The fastest way to change is to laugh at your own folly. - Spencer Johnson
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. - Mark Twain
The fear of death is more to be feared, than death itself. - Publilius Syrus
The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break. - John Madden
The fewer the words, the better the prayer. - Martin Luther
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch. - Jim Rohn
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment. - Elbert Hubbard
The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it. - Reinhold Niebuhr
The finish line is just the beginning of a whole new race. - Unknown
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it. - Charlotte Perkins Gilman
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society — more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.  - Charlotte Perkins Gilman
The first half of life is devoted to forming a healthy ego, the second half is going inward and letting go of it. - Carl Jung
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell. - Andrew Carnegie
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.  - Thomas Edison 
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary. - Thomas Edison
The first rule of business; treat others like they want to treat you. - Charles Dickens
The first rule of handling conflict is don't hang around people who are constantly engaging in conflict. - Naval Ravikant
The first step is to establish that something is possible; then probability will occur. - Elon Musk
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want. - Ben Stein
The first step toward getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are. - Unknown
The first thing you learn in life is you're a fool. The last thing you learn in life is you're the same fool.   - Ray Bradbury
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet. - James Openheim
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.  - James Oppenheim
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet. - James Oppenheim
The foolish reject what they see, not what they think; the wise reject what they think, not what they see. - Huang Po
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.   - Buddha 
The four P's to success are pressure, persistence, perseverance, and prayer. - Steve Harvey
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.  - Desiderius Erasmus 
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all. - Erasmus
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.    - Leon Blum
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought. - Léon Blum
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you. - Elbert Hubbard
The friendship that can cease has never been real. - Jerome
The friendship that can cease has never been real.  - St. Jerome
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares. - Henri Nouwen
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. - Cicero
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.  - Eleanor Roosevelt 
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The future belongs to those who learn more skills and combine them in creative ways. - Robert Greene
The future depends on what you do today.  - Mahatma Gandhi
The future doesn't belong to the faint-hearted; it belongs to the brave. - Ronald Reagan
The future is an opaque mirror. Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face.   - Jim Bishop 
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment. - Pema Chodron
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment. - Pema Chödrön
The future is no more uncertain than the present. - Walt Whitman
The future is not a gift. It is an achievement. - Robert F. Kennedy
The future is the worst thing about the present. - Gustave Flaubert
The future will be shaped by those willing to commit their minds and their bodies to the task. - Robert F. Kennedy
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling. - Ambrose Bierce
The giving of love is an education in itself. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money. - Thomas Jefferson
The goal is not to be perfect by the end, the goal is to be better today. - Simon Sinek
The goal is not to show how great you are to others, but how vulnerable you are to yourself. - Maxime Lagace
The goal of an artist is to create the definitive work that cannot be surpassed. - George Bernard Shaw
The golden opportunity you are seeking is in yourself. It is not in your environment; it is not in luck or chance, or the help of others; it is in yourself alone.  - Orison Swett Marden
The golden opportunity you are seeking is within yourself. - Mary Engelbreit
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. - Alexander Chalmers
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.  - Chalmers
The grass is greener where you water it. - Neil Barringham
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark. - Michelangelo
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds. - John F. Kennedy
The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life. - Eckhart Tolle
The greater the impact you want to make, the greater your influence needs to be. - Lolly Daskal
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction. - Eckhart Tolle
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.  - Eriksson
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.  - Michelangelo
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high, and we miss it, but that it is too low, and we reach it. - Michelangelo
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions. - Leonardo da Vinci
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change their future by merely changing their attitude. - Oprah Winfrey
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.  - William James
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be. - William James
The greatest doer must also be a great dreamer. - Theodore Roosevelt
The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.   - Michael Jackson 
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it's the illusion of knowledge. - Stephen Hawking
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. - Hubert Humphrey
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.  - Brian Tracy
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own. - Benjamin Disraeli
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own.  - Benjamin Disraeli
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own. - Benjamin Disraeli
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love. - Hubert Humphrey
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.  - Rene Descartes
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues. - René Descartes
The greatest miracle is to be alive. - Thich Nhat Hanh
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.  - Elbert Hubbard
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment. - Pema Chodron
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment. - Pema Chödrön
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge. - Daniel J. Boorstin
The greatest of all mistakes is to do nothing because you think you can only do a little.   - Zig Ziglar
The greatest of empires, is the empire over one's self. - Publilius Syrus
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.  - Martha Washington
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. - Martha Washington
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.  - Charles Lamb
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident. - Charles Lamb
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.  - Seneca 
The greatest remedy for anger is delay. - Seneca the Younger
The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go. - Steve Maraboli
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart. - Robert Greene
The greatest thing a man can do in this world is to make the most possible out of the stuff that has been given him. This is success, and there is no other.  - 
The greatest treasures are those invisible to the eye but found by the heart. - Judy Garland
The greatest value of a picture is when it forces us to notice what we never expected to see. - John Tukey
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be. - Socrates
The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be. - Socrates
The greatest weariness comes from work not done. - Eric Hoffer
The greatest work that kindness does to others is that it makes them kind themselves. - Amelia Earhart
The great myth of our times is that technology is communication. - Libby Larsen
The guest will judge better of a feast than the cook. - Aristotle
The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves. - Brian Tracy
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.  - Alfred Tennyson
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions. - Alfred Tennyson
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts; therefore guard accordingly. - Marcus Aurelius
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.  - Bertrand Russell
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live. - Bertrand Russell
The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along. - H. Bertram Lewis
The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph.  - George Washington
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.  - 
The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings. - Eric Hoffer
The hardest thing in the world is to simplify your life. It’s so easy to make it complex. - 
The hard path is often the right one. The river teaches more than the shore. - Maxime Lagace
The healthiest response to life is joy. - Deepak Chopra
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of. - Charles Henry Parkhurst
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.  - Charles  Perkhurst
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.  - Blaise Pascal
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of. - Blaise Pascal
The heart that gives, gathers. - Lao Tzu
The heart wants what it wants. There's no logic.  - Woody Allen
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.  - William Scolavino
The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk. - Cicero
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.  - Wayne Dyer
The highest level of wisdom is when you not only accept but love adversity. - Maxime Lagace
The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts. - Charles Darwin
The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.  - Charles Darwin
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure. - William Blake
The human spirit must prevail over technology. - Albert Einstein
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth. The trite subjects of human efforts, possessions, outward success, luxury have always seemed to me contemptible. - Albert Einstein
The idea of ourselves is our escape from the fact of what we really are. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
The important thing is not what one is born with but what use one makes of that equipment. - Alfred Adler
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.  - Charles Dubois
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become. - Charles Du Bos
The impossible can always be broken down into possibilities. - Unknown
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.  - Abernathy 
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition. - Ralph Abernathy
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries. - Winston Churchill
The intuition of free will gives us the truth.  - Corliss Lamont
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination. - Dan Millman
The journey, not the destination matters. - T.S. Eliot
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.   - Lao Tzu 
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Laozi
The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences. - Christopher McCandless
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.   - Lao Tzu 
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness. - Laozi
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.  - Bruce Lee
The key to success is action. - Brian Tracy
The key to success is failure. - Michael Jordan
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.  - Brian Tracy
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work. - Dalai Lama
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. - Ayn Rand
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.   - Napoleon Hill 
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top. - Napoleon Hill
The language of friendship is not words but meanings. - Henry David Thoreau
The Law of Concentration states that whatever you dwell upon grows. The more you think about something, the more it becomes part of your reality. - Brian Tracy
The law of harvest is to reap more than you sow. Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit and you reap a character. Sow a character and you reap a destiny. - James Allen
The least deviation from truth will be multiplied later. - Aristotle
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.  - Blaise Pascal
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble. - Blaise Pascal
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.   - Carl Jung 
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. - Carl Jung
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.   - Bruce Lee 
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. - Bruce Lee
The less people know, the more stubbornly they know it. - Osho
The less you open your heart to others, the more your heart suffers. - Deepak Chopra
The less you respond to negative people, the more positive your life will become. - Paulo Coelho
The less you try to impress, the more peaceful you can be. - Maxime Lagace
The less you want, the richer you are. The more you need in order to be happy, the more miserable you'll be. - Yanni
The life I touch for good or ill will touch another life, and that in turn another, until who knows where the trembling stops or in what far place my touch will be felt.  - Frederick Buechner
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.  - Voltaire 
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us. - Voltaire
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. - John Burroughs
The major difference between the big shot and the little shot is the big shot is just a little shot who kept on shooting. - Zig Ziglar
The majority of what you want will come from the minority of what you do. - Gary Keller
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends. - Friedrich Nietzsche
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life. - Confucius
The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone. - Ayn Rand
The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent; and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness. - Virginia Woolf
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom. - Plato
The man who moved the mountain was the one who began carrying away the smallest stones. - Zen Proverb
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. - William Faulkner
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them. - Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.  - Cavour
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.   - Richard Bach 
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly. - Richard Bach
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.   - Richard Bach 
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder. - Richard Bach
The meaning of life is just to be alive. It is so plain and so obvious and so simple. - Alan Watts
The meaning of life is that it stops. - Franz Kafka
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. - Pablo Picasso
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. - Vince Lombardi
The measure of wisdom is how calm you are when facing any given situation. - Naval Ravikant
The merit of all things lies in their difficulty. - Alexandre Dumas
The mind can calculate, but the spirit yearns, and the heart wants what the heart wants. - Stephen King
The mind is everything. What you think you become.   - Buddha 
The mind is the limit. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
The mind that turns ever outward Will have no end to craving. Only the mind turned inward Will find a still-point of peace. - Ming-Dao Deng
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.  - Seneca
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned. - Seneca the Younger
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. - Maureen Dowd
The mirror is a worthless invention. The only way to truly see yourself is in the reflection of someone elses. eyes. - Voltaire
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.  - Henry Miller
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. - Henry Miller
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. - Henry Miller
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it. - James Matthew Barrie
The moment you stop to think about whether you love someone, you've already stopped loving that person forever. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
The more acquaintances you have, the less you know them. - Chinese Proverb
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work. - Richard Bach
The more knowledge you have, the more you're free to rely on your instincts. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be. - Shakti Gawain
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. - Confucius
The more often a stupidity is repeated, the more it gets the appearance of wisdom. - Voltaire
The more one judges, the less one loves. - Honore de Balzac
The more people you help become successful the more successful you become. - Steve Harvey
The more perfect a person is on the outside, the more demons they have on the inside. - Sigmund Freud
The more reasons you have for achieving your goal, the more determined you will become. - Brian Tracy
The more rejection you get, the better you are, the more you've learned, the closer you are to your outcome. - Tony Robbins
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it. - Jean-Paul Sartre
The more something scares you, the more you should do it. - Mark Manson
The more something threatens your identity, the more you will avoid it. - Mark Manson
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom. - James Allen
The more we have the less we own. - Meister Eckhart
The more we value things, the less we value ourselves.   - Bruce Lee
The more you are focused on time - past and future - the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is. - Eckhart Tolle
The more you are grateful for what you have the more you will have to be grateful for.   - Zig Ziglar
The more you are motivated by Love, The more Fearless & Free your action will be. - Dalai Lama
The more you care, the stronger you can be.  - Jim Rohn
The more you care, the stronger you can be. - Jim Rohn
The more you extend kindness to yourself, the more it will become your automatic response to others. - Wayne Dyer
The more you give, the more comes back to you. - Napoleon Hill
The more you know, the more you know you don't know. - Aristotle
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.  - Confucius
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself. - Confucius
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique. - Walt Disney
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. - Norman Vincent Peale
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.  - Oprah Winfrey
The more you take responsibility for your past and present, the more you are able to create the future you seek. - Celestine Chua
The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others. - Roy T. Bennett
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness. - Michel de Montaigne
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.  - Sigmund Freud 
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness. - Sigmund Freud
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud. - Coco Chanel
The most creative act you will ever undertake is the act of creating yourself. - Deepak Chopra
The most decisive actions of our life... are most often unconsidered actions. - André Gide
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. - Amelia Earhart
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward. - Amelia Earhart
The most difficult times for many of us are the ones we give ourselves. - Pema Chodron
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. - Amelia Earhart
The most efficient way of rendering the poor harmless is to teach them to want to imitate the rich. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.  - Thomas Paine
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason. - Thomas Paine
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend. - Henry David Thoreau
The most important battle is one to conquer yourself. - Yanni
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet. - Shunryu Suzuki
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said. - Peter Drucker
The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will'. Consider nothing impossible, then treat possibilities as probabilities. - Charles Dickens
The most important thing is to enjoy your life, to be happy, it's all that matters. - Audrey Hepburn
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world. - Dalai Lama
The most important things are the hardest to say. - Stephen King
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers. - Thich Nhat Hanh
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.  - James Yorke
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book. - Northrop Frye
The most tragic thing in the world is a man of genius who is not a man of honor. - George Bernard Shaw
The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so. - Plato
The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed. - Nicolas Chamfort
The nearer a man comes to a calm mind, the closer he is to strength. - Marcus Aurelius
The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can.  - Isocrates
The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can. - Isocrates
The number one cause of failure is the fear of failure. - Steve Harvey
The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it.  - Mal Pancoast 
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
The older you get, the better you get. Unless you're a banana. - Betty White
The older you get, the more you understand how your conscience works. - Criss Jami
The older you get the stronger the wind gets - and it's always in your face. - Pablo Picasso
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. - Steve Jobs
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can. - Neil Gaiman
The one who always loses, is the only person who gets the reward.  - Claire Charmont 
The one who boasts does so only out of a feeling of inferiority. - Alfred Adler
The only defense against the world is a thorough knowledge of it. - John Locke
The only difference between success and failure is the ability to take action. - Alexander Graham Bell
The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.  - Leonardo Ruiz 
The only journey is the one within. - Rainer Maria Rilke
The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves. - Bob Proctor
The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself. - Celestine Chua
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.  - Franklin  Roosevelt
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.   - Tony Robbins 
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. - Tony Robbins
The only lost cause is one we give up on before we enter the struggle. - Vaclav Havel
The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything. - Theodore Roosevelt
The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well. - Alfred Adler
The only people without problems are those in cemeteries. - Tony Robbins
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.  - Denis Waitley
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything. - Denis Waitley
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday. - Brian Tracy
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vince Lombardi
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vidal Sassoon
The only problem we really have is we think we're not supposed to have problems! Problems call us to higher level- - face & solve them now! - Tony Robbins
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.   - Buddha 
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.  - Buddha 
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.  - Henry Ford
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.  - John Powell
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. - John Powell
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.  - Henry Ford
The only real valuable thing is intuition.   - Albert Einstein
The only real valuable thing is intuition.  - Albert Einstein
The only real valuable thing is intuition. - Albert Einstein
The only reason to be alive is to enjoy it. - Rita Mae Brown
The only thing more frustrating than slanderers is those foolish enough to listen to them. - Criss Jami
The only thing new in the world is the history you do not know. - Harry S. Truman
The Only Thing That Is Constant Is Change - Heraclitus
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself. - Oscar Wilde
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision. - Helen Keller
The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it. - Warren Buffett
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Isocrates
The only way it gets better for you is when you get better. Better is not something you wish, it's something you become. - Jim Rohn
The only way round is through. - Robert Frost
The only way to 'find out if it will work out' is to do it. - Simon Sinek
The only way to have a friend is to be one.  - Ralph Emerson
The only way to have a friend is to be one. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance. - Alan Watts
The only way to prove that you're a good sport is to lose. - Ernie Banks
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard. - Henry David Thoreau
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.  - Henry Thoreau
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there. - Robert M. Pirsig
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there. - Robert Pirsig
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being. - Jane Wyman
The opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself. - Sun Tzu
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice... it is conformity. - Earl Nightingale
The outer conditions of a person's life will always be found to reflect their inner beliefs. - James Allen
The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again. - Charles Dickens
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.  - Pierre Auguste Renoir
The pain passes, but the beauty remains. - Pierre-Auguste Renoir
The past has no power over the present moment.  - Eckhart Tolle
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that. - Eckhart Tolle
The past is history. It no longer exists, but you are keeping it alive in your mind through your thoughts.  Let it go. It is not serving you. - Sonia Ricotti
The past is malleable and flexible, changing as our recollection interprets and re-explains what has happened.  - Peter Berger
The path is difficult to ensure worthiness. The lazy look elsewhere, The persevering find riches. - Ming-Dao Deng
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.  - Anthony Robbins 
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.   - Tony Robbins 
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. - Tony Robbins
The pen is the tongue of the mind.  - Miguel de Cervantes
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. - Steve Jobs
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself. - Anaïs Nin
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.  - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe 
The person who cannot control his words shows that he cannot control himself. - Robert Greene
The person who is his own master cannot tolerate another boss.  - Chinese Proverb
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life. - Daisaku Ikeda
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.  - Cecil B. DeMille
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication. - Cecil B. DeMille
The person who says something is impossible should not interrupt the person who is doing it. - Chinese Proverb
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.  - Winston Churchill
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill
The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next. - Abraham Lincoln
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship. - Norman Douglas
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands. - Robert M. Pirsig
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream. - Harry Kemp
The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible. - Winston Churchill
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.  - Anais Nin
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery. - Anaïs Nin
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react. - George Bernard Shaw
The power of human thought grows exponentially with the number of minds that share that thought. - Dan Brown
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.  - Laozi
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days. - Laozi
The power to make and break habits and learning how to do that is really important. - Naval Ravikant
The present moment dies every moment to become the past , is reborn every moment into the future. All experience is now. Now never ends. - Deepak Chopra
The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it. - Thich Nhat Hanh
The prettiest eyes have cried the most. - Unknown
The price of greatness is responsibility.  - Winston Churchill
The price of greatness is responsibility. - Winston Churchill
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake. - Meister Eckhart
The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it. - Eckhart Tolle
The primary point of this existence is to live, and all living things move and grow. - Ming-Dao Deng
The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are. - Carl Jung
The problem with Google is you have 360 degrees of omnidirectional information on a linear basis, but the algorithms for irony and ambiguity are not there. And those are the algorithms of wisdom. - William Hurt
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.  - Mortimer Adler
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live. - Mortimer J. Adler
The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness. - Deepak Chopra
The purpose of life is the life of purpose. - Robin Sharma
The purpose of life is to contribute in some way to making things better. - Robert F. Kennedy
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The pursuit of mastery bears gifts.  - Gary Keller
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The quality of your commitments will determine the course of your life. - Ralph Marston
The quality of your life is determined by the quality of questions you ask. - Tony Robbins
The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts. - Unknown
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. - Henry David Thoreau
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. - Ayn Rand
The quicker you let go of old cheese, the sooner you find new cheese. - Spencer Johnson
The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear. - Rumi
The real art in learning takes place as we move beyond proficiency, when our work becomes an expression of our essence. - Josh Waitzkin
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers. - Sydney J. Harris
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money.  - 
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money. - Unknown
The real meditation is how you live your life. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do. - B. F. Skinner
There are as many opinions as there are experts. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.  - Mark Twain
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded. - Mark Twain
There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast. - Charles Dickens
There are few reasons for telling the truth, but for lying the number is infinite. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
There are more people who wish to be loved than there are who are willing to love.  - Nicolas Chamfort
There are more quarrels smothered by just shutting your mouth, and holding it shut, than by all the wisdom in the world. - Henry Ward Beecher
There are no accidents... there is only some purpose that we haven't yet understood. - Deepak Chopra
There are no constraints on the human mind, no walls around the human spirit, no barriers to our progress except those we ourselves erect. - Ronald Reagan
There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing. - Morihei Ueshiba
There are no differences but differences of degree between different degrees of difference and no difference. - William James
There are no failures — just experiences and your reactions to them.  - Tom Krause 
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them. - Tom Krause
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.   - Napoleon Hill 
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge. - Napoleon Hill
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge... - Napoleon Hill
There are no mistakes in life, only lessons. - Robin Sharma
There are no ordinary moments. - Dan Millman
There are no second chances in life, except to feel remorse. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure. - Colin Powell
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.  - Beverly Sills
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. - Beverly Sills
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met. - William Butler Yeats
There are no uninteresting things, only uninterested people. - Gilbert Chesterton
There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents. - Pablo Picasso
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.   - Buddha
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as if nothing is a miracle. The other is as if everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.  - Albert Einstein
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein
There are people who have money and people who are rich. - Coco Chanel
There are people who have money and people who are rich.  - Coco Channel
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.  - John Astin
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings. - John Astin
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain. - Plato
There are three classes of people: those who see. Those who see when they are shown. Those who do not see. - Leonardo da Vinci
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money. - Benjamin Franklin
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest. - Confucius
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.  - Laurence J. Peter
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. - Laurence J. Peter
There are two kinds of perfect people: those who are dead, and those who have not been born yet. - Chinese Proverb
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them. - Denis Waitley
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them. - Denis Waitley
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them. - Denis Waitley
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot. - Plato
There are two types of people... One who ask for directions and the others who find their way. Both may reach the destination but the satisfaction of the other kind is far greater.  - Dominik Sliver 
There are two ways of seeing: with the body and with the soul. The body's sight can sometimes forget, but the soul remembers forever. - Alexandre Dumas
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. - Edith Wharton
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.  - Alfred Korzybski
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking. - Alfred Korzybski
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.  - George Shaw 
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.  - Robert McKain
There can be no greater gift than that of giving one's time and energy to help others without expecting anything in return. - Nelson Mandela
There is a big difference between being centered and being self-centered. - Lolly Daskal
There is a difference between giving directions and giving direction. - Simon Sinek
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool. - Francis Bacon
There is always risk, so learn to manage risk instead of avoiding it. - Robert Kiyosaki
There is always room in your life for thinking bigger, pushing limits and imagining the impossible. - Tony Robbins
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you. - Paramahansa Yogananda
There is an essence of when you are fearless, you become more creative. - Gurbaksh Chahal
There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it.  - Seneca
There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story.  - Linda Hogan
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart. - Charles Dickens
There is a wisdom of the head, and there is a wisdom of the heart. - Charles Dickens
There is little success where there is little laughter. - Andrew Carnegie
There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy. - Friedrich Nietzsche
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.  - Brian Tracy
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing. - Brian Tracy
There is no absolute success in the world, only constant progress. - Jonathan Swift
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart. - Jane Austen
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.  - Robert Louis Stevenson
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world. - Robert Louis Stevenson
There is no excuse for not trying. - Barack Obama
There is no failure except in no longer trying.  - Elbert Hubbard
There is no failure except in no longer trying. - Elbert Hubbard
There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no insurmountable barrier except our own inherent weakness of purpose. - Elbert Hubbard
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires. - Buddha
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires. - The Buddha
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child. - Henry Ward Beecher
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. - Maya Angelou
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.   - Michelangelo 
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted. - Michelangelo
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.  - Seneca
There is no great genius without some touch of madness. - Seneca the Younger
There is no limitations except those we create for ourselves. - Lolly Daskal
There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit. - Ronald Reagan
There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws. There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance.  - Albert Einstein
There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.  - Orison Swett Marden
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.   - Dalai Lama 
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. - Dalai Lama
There is no one giant step that does it. It's a lot of little steps. - Peter A. Cohen
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. - Nelson Mandela
There is no path to Happiness. Happiness is the path. - Dan Millman
There is no path to Love. Love is the path. - Dan Millman
There is no path to Peace. Peace is the path. - Dan Millman
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it. - Henry Moore
There is no right or wrong, only a series of possibilities that shift with each thought, feeling, and action that you experience. - Deepak Chopra
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist. - Mark Twain
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen. - Wayne Dyer
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.   - Wayne Dyer
There is no self-discovery without pain and loss. - Anita Krizzan
There is no significance in life without struggle. - Lolly Daskal
There is no such thing as a great talent without great willpower. - Honore de Balzac
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.   - Marcus Aurelius 
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with. - Marcus Aurelius
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.   - Alexander the Great 
There is nothing impossible to him who will try. - Alexander the Great
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. - Buckminster Fuller
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor. - Charles Dickens
There is nothing like looking if you want to find something. - J.R.R. Tolkien
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.  - Nelson Mandela
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered. - Nelson Mandela
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kill. - Buddha
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people. - Vincent van Gogh
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship. - Thomas Aquinas
There is nothing permanent except change. - Heraclitus
There is nothing quite so tragic as a young cynic. - Maya Angelou
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.  - Peter Drucker
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. - Peter Drucker
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life. - Anais Nin
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life. - Anaïs Nin
There is no truth. There is only perception. - Gustave Flaubert
There is no way to happiness - happiness is the way. - Thich Nhat Hanh
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.   - Wayne Dyer
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way. - Wayne Dyer
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.  - Fannie Hamer
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. - Sam Walton
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. - Aldous Huxley
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.  - George Sand
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved. - George Sand
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. - Christopher Morley
There is only one success — to be able to spend your life in your own way.  - Christopher Morley
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way. - Christopher Morley
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.  - Oscar Wilde
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. - Paulo Coelho
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.   - Epictetus
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will. - Epictetus
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power or our will. - Epictetus
There is only the one reality, neither to be realized nor attained. - Huang Po
There is peace even in the storm. - Vincent van Gogh
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth. - Chanakya
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.  - Benjamin Franklin
There never was a good knife made of bad steel. - Benjamin Franklin
There's a very deep connection among human beings. All we have to do is open our minds to it. - Yanni
There's more to life than being a passenger. - Amelia Earhart
There's no coming to consciousness without pain - Carl Jung
There's no next time. It's now or never. - Celestine Chua
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.  - Benjamin Haydon
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil. - Benjamin Haydon
The reward of suffering is experience. - Harry S. Truman
There will always be suffering. But we must not suffer over the suffering. - Alan Watts
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character. - Margaret Chase Smith
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.  - Margaret Smith
The river that flows in you also flows in me. - Kabir
The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.   - Charles DeLint
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom. - William Blake
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. - Colin R. Davis
The road to success is always under construction.. - Lily Tomlin
The root of suffering is attachment. - The Buddha
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. - Aristotle
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words. - Cicero
The saddest aspect of life is that there is no one on earth whose happiness is such that he won't sometimes wish he were dead rather than alive. - Herodotus
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. - Isaac Asimov
The salvation of the world lies in the human heart. - Vaclav Havel
The scariest monsters are the ones that lurk within our souls. - Edgar Allan Poe
The score never interested me, only the game. - Mae West
The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination. - Elbert Hubbard
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness. - Eric Hoffer
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.  - Paramahansa Yogananda
The seasons do not push one another; neither do clouds race the wind across the sky. All things happen in their own good time. - Dan Millman
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows. - Aristotle Onassis
The secret of change is to focus all your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new. - Dan Millman
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
The secret of getting started is breaking your complex, overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one. - Mark Twain
The secret of happiness is not in doing what you like but in liking what you have to do. - Sathya Sai Baba
The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less. - Dan Millman
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.   - Buddha 
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word — excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.  - Pearl Buck:
The secret of life is to fall seven times and to get up eight times. - Paulo Coelho
The secret of perfect health lies in keeping the mind always cheerful - never worried, never hurried, never borne down by any fear, thought or anxiety. - Sathya Sai Baba
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.  - Benjamin Disraeli
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. - Benjamin Disraeli
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. - Benjamin Disraeli 
The secret of success lies not in doing your own work, but in recognizing the right man to do it. - Andrew Carnegie
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.  - Dave Weinbaum
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.  - Vernon Cooper
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future. - Vernon Cooper
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.  - John Dewey
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action. - John Dewey
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.   - Carl Jung 
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases. - Carl Jung
The shortest answer is doing.  - Lord Herbert
The significance of life is living. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
The simplest things are often the truest.   - Richard Bach 
The simplest things are often the truest. - Richard Bach
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights. - Giotto
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place. - George Bernard Shaw
The single most powerful asset we all have is our mind. - Robert Kiyosaki
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way. - Robert Kiyosaki
The smaller the mind the greater the conceit. - Aesop
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.  - Oscar Wilde
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention. - Oscar Wilde
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention.   - Kahlil Gibran
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. - John Burroughs
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.  - Honore De Balzac
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition. - Honoré de Balzac
The smallest of actions is always better than the noblest of intentions. - Robin Sharma
The soul is neither born, and nor does it die. - Bhagavad Gita
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience. - Emily Dickinson
The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope. - Henry Ward Beecher
The source of a true smile is an awakened mind. - Thich Nhat Hanh
The spirit is beyond destruction. No one can bring an end to spirit which is everlasting. - Bhagavad Gita
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur. - Vince Lombardi
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.  - Vincent Lombardi
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line  - 
The strength of a wall is neither greater nor less than the courage of the men who defend it.  - Genghis Khan
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when. - Simon Sinek
The strongest and sweetest songs yet remain to be sung. - Walt Whitman
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. - Bruce Lee
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The sun is new each day. - Heraclitus
The sun shines upon good and bad alike. - Hans Christian Andersen
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action. - Confucius
The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others. - Don Shula
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.  - Confucius
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage. - Confucius
The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions. - Confucius
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.  - Confucius
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.  - Confucius
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress. - Confucius
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell. - Confucius
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. - Sun Tzu
The sweetest pleasure arises from difficulties overcome. - Publilius Syrus
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind. - Kahlil Gibran
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind. - Khalil Gibran
The temptation to give up is strongest just before victory. - Zen Proverb
The thing about smart people is that they seem like crazy people to dumb people. - Stephen Hawking
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. - Frank Lloyd Wright
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.  - Frank Wright
The things I carry are my thoughts. That's it. They are the only weight. My thoughts determine whether I am free and light or burdened. - Kamal Ravikant
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.  - Winifred Holtby
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing. - Winifred Holtby
The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else? - The Buddha
The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character. - Buddha
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.  - Louise Hay 
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives. - Louise Hay
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense. - Thomas Edison
The time is now, the place is here. Stay in the present. - Dan Millman
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining. - John F. Kennedy
The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goals to reach. - Benjamin Mays
The traveler sees what he sees. The tourist sees what he has come to see. - Gilbert Chesterton
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.  - Carlos Castaneda
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. - Carlos Castaneda
The trouble with most of us is that we'd rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism. - Norman Vincent Peale
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.  - Will Durant
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds. - Will Durant
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat. - Lily Tomlin
The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him. - Gilbert Chesterton
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind. - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.  - Ella Wilcox
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination. - Napoleon
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.   - Napoleon Bonaparte 
The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure.  - Francoise de Motteville
The truly rich men are the ones who have health, loved ones and a work they love. - Maxime Lagace
The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.  - Pearl Buck
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for. - Bob Marley
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is. - Winston Churchill
The truth is not for all men, but for those who seek it. - Ayn Rand
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.  - Oscar Wilde
The truth is simple. If it was complicated, everyone would understand it. - Walt Whitman
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.  - Norman Schwarzkopf
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. - Norman Schwarzkopf
The truth which has made us free will in the end make us glad also.  - Felix Adler
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new. - Pema Chodron
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new. - Pema Chödrön
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. - Mark Twain
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.   - Leo Tolstoy 
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. - Leo Tolstoy
The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button. - Volker Grassmuck
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.  - Richard Evans 
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah. - Afrika Bambaataa
The universe doesn't allow perfection. - Stephen Hawking
The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions. - Steve Maraboli
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.  - Eden Phillpotts
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. - Eden Phillpotts
The universe is made of stories, not atoms. - Muriel Rukeyser
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.   - Marcus Aurelius 
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.  - Marcus Aurelius
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius
The unthankful heart discovers no mercies; but the thankful heart will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings. - Henry Ward Beecher
The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom. - Aristotle
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime. - Babe Ruth
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.   - Buddha
The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge. - Napoleon Hill
The way out is in. - Thich Nhat Hanh
The way to change others' minds is with affection, and not anger. - Dalai Lama
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost. - Gilbert Chesterton
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.   - Tony Robbins 
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. - Tony Robbins
The way we feel is the direct result of what we think. - Peter A. Cohen
The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. - Mahatma Gandhi
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.  - Mohandas Gandhi
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts. - Aristotle
The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
The whole problem with the world is the fools and fanatics are always so sure of themselves, and wiser people are full of doubts. - George Bernard Shaw
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.   - Buddha
The whole world is a series of miracles, but we're so used to them we call them ordinary things. - Hans Christian Andersen
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. - Confucius
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.  - Edward Gibbon
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. - Edward Gibbon
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose. - Dale Earnhardt
The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of the nonessentials. - Lin Yutang
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation. - Isaac D'Israeli
The wise accomplish all that they want without arousing the envy or scorn of others. - Ming-Dao Deng
The wise learn many things from their enemies. - Aristophanes
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.   - Lao Tzu 
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own. - Laozi
The wise man reads both books and life itself. - Lin Yutang
The wiser you get, the less you care to look like a fool. - Maxime Lagace
The wise speak only of what they know. - J.R.R. Tolkien
The wisest men follow their own direction.  - Euripides
The wisest men follow their own direction. - Euripides
The wise warrior avoids the battle. - Sun Tzu
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it. - Hugh Jackman
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.  - Booker Washington 
The world doesn't always give you want, but it often gives you what you need. - Naval Ravikant
The world doesn’t happen to you it happens from you. - 
The world doesn't owe you anything. It was here first. - Mark Twain
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going. - Napoleon Hill
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page. - Augustine of Hippo
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page. - Augustinus Sanctus
The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world. - The Buddha
The world is always in movement.  - V. Naipaul
The world is a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it. - Socrates
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. - Henry David Thoreau
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.  - Henry Thoreau
The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion. - Paulo Coelho
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion. - Thomas Paine
The world is open for play, everything and everybody is mockable in a wonderful way. - Robin Williams
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.  - Ivy Baker Priest
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning. - Ivy Baker Priest
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it. - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.  - Ralph Emerson
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world only exists in your eyes. You can make it as big or as small as you want. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.   - Epictetus 
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going. - Epictetus
The world would go on even without you. Don't take yourself so seriously. - Norman Vincent Peale
The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.  - H. W. Arnold 
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you. - Bette Midler
They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed. - The Buddha
They can conquer who believe they can.  - Virgil
They can conquer who believe they can. - Virgil
They can do all because they think they can.  - Virgil
They can do all because they think they can. - Virgil
The years teach much which the days never know.  - Ralph Emerson
The years teach much which the days never know. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.   - Confucius 
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom. - Confucius
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
The young people who come to me in the hope of hearing me utter a few memorable maxims are quite disappointed. Aphorisms are not my forte, I say nothing but banalities... I listen to them and they go away delighted.   - Andre Gide
They say love is the best investment; the more you give, the more you get in return. - Audrey Hepburn
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.  - Andy Warhol
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. - Andy Warhol
They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure. - James Allen
Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations. - Alan Watts
Things cannot forever go downward. There are limits to everything—even the cold, and the darkness, and the wind, and the dying. - Ming-Dao Deng
Things do not change; we change. - Henry David Thoreau
Things do not change, we change.  - Henry Thoreau
Things do not change; we change.   - Henry Thoreau 
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. - John F. Kennedy
Things do not have meaning. We assign meaning to everything. - Tony Robbins
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. - Abraham Lincoln
Things should be made as simple as possible, but not any simpler.  - Albert Einstein
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.  - Seneca
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember. - Seneca the Younger
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. - John Wooden
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.  - Jack Buck 
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out. - Jack Buck
Think and wonder, wonder and think. - Dr. Seuss
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people. - William Butler Yeats
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.  - William Yeats
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.  - Voltaire
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too. - Voltaire
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think. - Murray Gell-Mann
Thinking is a habit, and like any other habit, it can be changed; it just takes effort and repetition. - John Eliot
Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge. - Carl Jung
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it. - Henry Ford
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.  - W. Clement Stone
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night. - William Blake
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought. - Henri Bergson
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought. - Henri L. Bergson
Think of yourself as dead. you have lived your life. Now, take what's left, and live it properly. - Marcus Aurelius
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.   - Rumi 
This is such a short and precious life that it's really important that you don't spend it being unhappy. - Naval Ravikant
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.  - William Lyon Phelps
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him. - William Lyon Phelps
This is the most simple and basic component of life: our struggles determine our successes. - Mark Manson
This is the real secret of life - to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play. - Alan Watts
This is the whole point of technology. It creates an appetite for immortality on the one hand. It threatens universal extinction on the other. Technology is lust removed from nature. - Don DeLillo
This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy. - Cory Doctorow
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.  - Thomas Carlyle
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it. - Thomas Carlyle
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.   - Aristotle 
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach. - Aristotle
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel. - Mary Kay Ash
Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often. - Mae West
Those who are enlightened never stop forging themselves. - Morihei Ueshiba
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.   - Buddha
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace. - Buddha
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace. - The Buddha
Those who are possessed by nothing possess everything. - Morihei Ueshiba
Those who attain the middle Dominate the whole. - Ming-Dao Deng
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. - James Matthew Barrie
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.  - Voltaire
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. - George Bernard Shaw
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.  - George Santayan
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it. - George Santayana
Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people. - The Buddha
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. - John F. Kennedy
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.  - Edgar Allan Poe
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. - Edgar Allan Poe
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. - Vincent van Gogh
Those who know, do. Those that understand, teach. - Aristotle
Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it. - Abraham Lincoln
Those who realize their folly are not true fools. - Zhuangzi
Those who seek the easy way do not seek the true way. - Dogen
Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed.  - Lloyd Jones
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.  - Cervantes
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched. - Miguel de Cervantes
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from not and make a brand new ending.  - Carl Bard 
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.  - 
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. - Carl Bard
Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.  - Ralph Emerson
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thought is the sculptor who can create the person you want to be.  - Henry Thoreau
Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand. - Bob Proctor
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.   - Buddha 
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.  - Buddha
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. - Buddha
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.   - Buddha 
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. - The Buddha
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.  - Henry James
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind. - Henry James
Through discipline comes freedom. - Aristotle
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.  - Eknath Easwaran
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose. - Eknath Easwaran
Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath. - Huang Po
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.  - Benjamin Disraeli 
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure. - Benjamin Disraeli
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. - Carl Jung
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, Something is out of tune.  - Carl Jung
Through selfless service, you will always be fruitful and find the fulfillment of your desires. - Bhagavad Gita
Throw me to the wolves and I will return leading the pack.   - Seneca
Throw your heart over the bar and your body will follow. - Norman Vincent Peale
Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow - Norman Vincent Peale
Till it has loved, no man or woman can become itself. - Emily Dickinson
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.  - Denis Waitley
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.  - Thomas Hardy
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change. - Thomas Hardy
Time doesn't heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go. - Roy T. Bennett
Time flies whether you are having fun or not. - Mary Engelbreit
Time goes from present to past. - Shunryu Suzuki
Time heals what reason cannot.   - Seneca
Time is a game played beautifully by children. - Heraclitus
Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time. - Jim Rohn
Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished. - Byron Pulsifer
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.  - Theophrastus 
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. - Theophrastus
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.  - Pericles
Time is the wisest counsellor of all. - Pericles
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.   - Leonardo da Vinci
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it. - Leonardo da Vinci
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted. - John Lennon
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.   - John Lennon 
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted. - John Lennon
Tis not too late to seek a newer world. - Heraclitus
To accomplish big things, I am convinced you must first dream big dreams. - Conrad Hilton
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.  - Anatole France
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act. - Anatole France
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.  - Anatole France
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. - Anatole France
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power. - Ayn Rand
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe. - Marilyn vos Savant
To acquire true self power you have to feel beneath no one, be immune to criticism and be fearless. - Deepak Chopra
To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts. - Henry David Thoreau
To a mind that is still, the entire universe surrenders. - Zhuangzi
To arrive at the simplest truth requires years of contemplation. - Isaac Newton
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.  - Elbert Hubbard
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
To be able to forget means sanity. - Jack London
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.  - Mahummad Ali
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich. - Muhammad Ali
To be alive - is Power. - Emily Dickinson
To be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves. - Alexander Pope
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden. - Seneca
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else. - Dalai Lama
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.  - Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself. - Thich Nhat Hanh
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
To be calm is the highest achievement of the self. - Zen Proverb
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest. - Pema Chodron
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest. - Pema Chödrön
To be fully alive is to feel that everything is possible. - Eric Hoffer
To be great is to be misunderstood.  - Ralph Emerson
To be great is to be misunderstood. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright. - Walter Benjamin
To be happy we need something to solve. Happiness is therefore a form of action. - Mark Manson
To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little. - Criss Jami
To be in harmony with the wholeness of things is not to have anxiety over imperfections. - Dogen
To belittle, you have to be little. - Kahlil Gibran
To be of use to the world is the only way to be happy. - Hans Christian Andersen
To be prepared is half the victory.  - Miguel de Cervantes
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.  - Gail Sheehy
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist. - Gail Sheehy
To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture. - Byron Pulsifer
To be totally at leisure for one day is to be immortal for one day.  - Chinese Proverb
To be truly ignorant, be content with your own knowledge. - Zhuangzi
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. - Robert Louis Stevenson
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.   - Robert Stevenson
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.   - Confucius 
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. - Confucius
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.  - Confucius 
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it. - Confucius
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there. - Richard Bach
To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions. - William James
To change ones life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.  - William James
To choose what is difficult all one's days, as if it were easy, that is faith. - W. H. Auden
To choose what is difficult all ones days, as if it were easy, that is faith.  - W. H. Auden
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.  - William Shakespeare 
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first. - William Shakespeare
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less. - André Malraux
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. - Bertrand Russell
To create more positive results in your life, replace 'if only' with 'next time'. - Celestine Chua
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.  - Soren Kierkegaard
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself. - Søren Kierkegaard
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day. - Byron Pulsifer
Today I begin a new life. I will greet this day with love in my heart. - Og Mandino
Today is plenty; right now is enough. Tomorrow will come in good time. Until it does, live the depth of now. - Ralph Marston
Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.  - 
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. - 
Today will never happen again. Don't waste it with a false start or no start at all. - Og Mandino
Today you are you, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is you-er than you. - Dr. Seuss
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you! - Dr. Seuss
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god. - Napoleon
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.   - Napoleon Bonaparte 
To do great work one must be very idle as well as very industrious. - Samuel Butler
To do two things at once is to do neither. - Publilius Syrus
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are. - Tim Menchen
To earn more you must learn more. - Brian Tracy
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.  - Anthony Robbins 
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others. - Tony Robbins
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly. - Voltaire
To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life. - William Londen
To escape from the world means that one's mind is not concerned with the opinions of the world. - Dogen
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. - Isaac Newton
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.  - Henri Bergson
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. - Henri Bergson
To find a man's true character, play golf with him. - P. G. Wodehouse
To find yourself, think for yourself. - Socrates
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.   - Richard Bach 
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived. - Richard Bach
To fly, we have to have resistance.  - Maya Lin
To fly, we have to have resistance. - Maya Lin
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success. - Anna Pavlova
To forget the whole world is easy; to make the whole world forget you is hard. - Zhuangzi
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you. - Lewis B. Smedes
To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. - Gilbert Chesterton
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves — there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.  - Joan Didion
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect. - Joan Didion
To get angry is like to revenge yourself for the guilt of others. - Jonathan Swift
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did. - 
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with. - Mark Twain
To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.  - Byron Pulsifer
To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom. - Confucius
To give ones self earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.  - Confucius
To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform.  - Theodore H. White
To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform. - Theodore H. White
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. - Eleanor Roosevelt
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float. - Alan Watts
To have much learning and skill, to be well-trained in discipline, and good in speech — this is the highest blessing. - The Buddha
To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities. - Bruce Lee
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.   - Bruce Lee 
To himself everyone is immortal; he may know that he is going to die, but he can never know he is dead. - Samuel Butler
To improve is to change, so to be perfect is to change often. - Winston Churchill
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. - Winston Churchill
To injure an opponent is to injure yourself. To control aggression without inflicting injury is the Art of Peace. - Morihei Ueshiba
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. - Thomas Edison
To judge a man by his weakest link or deed is like judging the power of the ocean by one wave. - Elvis Presley
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.   - Buddha 
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. - Buddha
To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly. - Samuel Johnson
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.   - Bruce Lee 
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person. - Bruce Lee
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy. - Sun Tzu
To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and tranquillity. - Byron Pulsifer
To lead an orchestra, you must turn your back on the crowd. - Aristotle
To lead people walk behind them.   - Lao Tzu 
To lead people walk behind them. - Laozi
To lead the people, walk behind them. - Lao Tzu
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.  - John Marshall
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well. - John Marshall
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.   - Buddha 
To live fully is to be always in no-man's-land, to experience each moment as completely new and fresh. - Pema Chodron
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.  - Oscar Wilde
To live is to be willing to die over and over again. - Pema Chodron
To live outside the law, you must be honest.  - Bob Dylan
To lose your temper is only useful once a year. - Colin R. Davis
To love means loving the unlovable. - Gilbert Chesterton
To love someone deeply gives you strength. Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage.   - Lao Tzu 
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.   - Plutarch 
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future. - Plutarch
To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win. - Ian Botham
To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world — that I am able to change it in positive ways.  - Maxine Kingston
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools. - Og Mandino
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. - Les Brown
Too many requests. Obtain an auth key for unlimited access. - zenquotes.io
Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be.  - Miguel de Cervantes
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.  - Leo Buscaglia
To perceive is to suffer. - Aristotle
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.   - Audrey Hepburn
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it. - Wilson Mizner
To raise your consciousness, surround yourself with people of higher consciousness. - Celestine Chua
To seek greatness is the only righteous vengeance. - Criss Jami
To seek is to suffer. To seek nothing is bliss. - Bodhidharma
To see things in the seed, that is genius.   - Lao Tzu 
To see things in the seed, that is genius. - Laozi
To share your weakness is to make yourself vulnerable; to make yourself vulnerable is to show your strength. - Criss Jami
To some degree, you control your life by controlling your time. - Conrad Hilton
To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven.  - Johannes Gaertner
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.  - Confucius
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous. - Confucius
To succeed takes more than the desire to win. It also takes the acceptance that we could fail. - Simon Sinek
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.  - Michael Korda
To succeed, we must first believe that we can. - Michael Korda
To support mother and father, to cherish partner and children, and to be engaged in peaceful occupation — this is the greatest blessing. - The Buddha
To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so.  - Walter Scott 
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person, you may be the world. - Brandi Snyder
To the world you may be one person; but to one person you may be the world. - Dr. Seuss
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
To travel is to be alive, but to get somewhere is to be dead. - Alan Watts
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.  - Kahlil Gibran
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to. - Kahlil Gibran
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.  - Cynthia Ozick
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life. - Cynthia Ozick
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best. - Margaret Thatcher
To will is to select a goal, determine a course of action that will bring one to that goal, and then hold to that action till the goal is reached. The key is action.  - Michael Hanson
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are. - Unknown
Tradition is the illusion of permanence.  - Woody Allen
Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live. - Robert F. Kennedy
Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.  -  Byron Pulsifer
Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.  - Harry Burchell Mathews 
Treat a man as he is, he will remain so. Treat a man the way he can be and ought to be, and he will become as he can be and should be.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Treat every moment as your last. It is not preparation for something else. - Shunryu Suzuki
Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are. - Roy T. Bennett
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.  - Henry J. Kaiser
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes. - Henry J. Kaiser
Troubles are often the tools by which God fashions us for better things. - Henry Ward Beecher
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance. - Henry David Thoreau
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation. - George Washington
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost. - Charles Caleb Colton
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing. - Baltasar Gracián
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks. - Jerome
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.  - St. Jerome
True friends stab you in the front. - Oscar Wilde
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of oneself, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions. - Joseph Addison
True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances. - Daisaku Ikeda
True it is, we only hate those whom we do not know. - Andrew Carnegie
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing. - Isocrates
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing. - Socrates
True love stories never have endings. - Richard Bach
True prayer has no set form. - Morihei Ueshiba
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.  -  William Penn
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment. - William Penn
True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse. - Og Mandino
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. - Isocrates
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. - Socrates
True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance. - Akhenaten
Trust, but verify. - Ronald Reagan
Trust in dreams, for in them is the hidden gate to eternity.   - Kahlil Gibran
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.  - Anne Wilson Schaef
Trust is the foundation of great leadership. - Lolly Daskal
Trust is the glue that holds people together and is the lubricant that keeps an organization moving forward. - Colin Powell
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work. - Warren Bennis
Trust, like the soul, never returns once it is gone. - Publilius Syrus
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.  - Alfred Adler
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement. - Alfred Adler
Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. - Joyce Brothers
Trust your instincts: my first reaction is almost invariably the right one.   - Estee Lauder
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's. - Billy Wilder
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone elses.  - Billy Wilder
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.  - Benjamin Spock
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do. - Benjamin Spock
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.  - Ralph Emerson
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Truth is exact correspondence with reality.  - Paramahansa Yogananda
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.  - Abraham Lincoln
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander. - Abraham Lincoln
Truth is like most opinions - best unexpressed. - Kenneth Branagh
Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized. - Osho
Truth is powerful and it prevails.  - Sojourner Truth
Truth is powerful and it prevails. - Sojourner Truth
Truth is such a rare thing, it is delighted to tell it. - Emily Dickinson
Truth is the offspring of silence and meditation. - Isaac Newton
Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance.  - W. Clement Stone
Try all things, hold fast that which is good. - John Locke
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. - Alan Watts
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. - Zen Proverb
Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window. - Peter Drucker
Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster. - Joe Adcock
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.  - Albert Einstein
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. - Albert Einstein
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. - Maya Angelou
Try to do unto others as you would have them do to you, and do not be discouraged if they fail sometimes. It is much better that they should fail than you should.  - Charles Dickens
Turn off your mind, relax, and float downstream. - John Lennon
Turn your face to the sun, as flowers know how to do. - Ming-Dao Deng
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you. - Maori Proverb
Turn your wounds into wisdom.  - Oprah Winfrey
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public. - Douglas Coupland
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. - Mark Twain
Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship. - Mother Angelica
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings. - Jean de La Bruyère
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost
Understanding that rests in what it does not understand is the finest. - Zhuangzi
Unexpressed emotions will never die. They are buried alive and will come forth later in uglier ways. - Sigmund Freud
Unhappiness enters through a door that has been left open. - Zen Proverb
Unless one is able to live fully in the present, the future is a hoax. - Alan Watts
Unless someone truly has the power to say no, they never truly have the power to say yes. - Dan Millman
Unless you're ashamed of yourself now and then, you're not honest. - William Faulkner
Until we can manage time, we can manage nothing else. - Peter Drucker
Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best. - Roy T. Bennett
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have. - Doris Mortman
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have. - Doris Mortman
Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate. - Carl Jung
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it. - M. Scott Peck
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. - Henry van Dyke Jr.
Use your smile to change the world but don't let the world change your smile. - Unknown
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.   - Tony Robbins 
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant. - Tony Robbins
Value your friendship. Value your relationships. - Barbara Bush
Vanity can easily overtake wisdom. It usually overtakes common sense. - Julian Casablancas
Very few people really see things unless theyve had someone in early life who made them look at things. And name them too. But the looking is primary, the focus.  - Denise Levertov
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.   - Marcus Aurelius 
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. - Marcus Aurelius
Victims recite problems, leaders provide solutions. - Robin Sharma
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. - Sun Tzu
Victory belongs to the most persevering. - Napoleon
Victory belongs to the most persevering.   - Napoleon Bonaparte 
Victory belongs to the most persevering.  - Napoleon Bonaparte 
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. - Napoleon Hill
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. - Jonathan Swift
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare. - Japanese Proverb
Wake up and smile! Wake up and be grateful! - Steve Harvey
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light. - Helen Keller
Walk slowly but never walk backward. - Unknown
Walk towards the sunshine, and the shadows will fall behind you. - Mary Engelbreit
Walk with those seeking truth... RUN FROM THOSE WHO THINK THEY'VE FOUND IT. - Deepak Chopra
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.   - Marcus Aurelius 
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.  - Benjamin Franklin
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship. - Benjamin Franklin
Watch what you say, and whatever you say, practice it. - Soyen Shaku
Watch your thoughts, they become your words Watch your words, they become your actions Watch your actions, they become your habits Watch your habits, they become your character Watch your character, it becomes your destiny.  - 
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.  - Ralph Emerson
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We all give up great expectations along the way. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely. - Frank Abagnale
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different. - 
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.  - Anne Frank
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same. - Anne Frank
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants. - Epictetus
Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think. - Ayn Rand
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. - Benjamin Franklin
We are all different. Don't judge, understand instead. - Roy T. Bennett
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. - Charles R. Swindoll
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.  - Charles Swindoll
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. - Chuck Swindoll
We are all here for some special reason. - Robin Sharma
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.  - Harold Nicolson
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts. - Harold Nicolson
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.  - Oscar Wilde
We are all self-made, but only the successful will admit it. - Earl Nightingale
We are all something, but none of us are everything.  - Blaise Pascal
We are all something, but none of us are everything. - Blaise Pascal
We are always complaining that our days are few, and acting as though there would be no end of them.   - Seneca
We are born from a quiet sleep, and we die to a calm awakening - Zhuangzi
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.   - Wayne Dyer
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive. - Wayne Dyer
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.  - James Freeman Clarke
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life. - James Freeman Clarke
We are formed and moulded by our thoughts. Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act. Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them. - Buddha
We are like islands in the sea, separate on the surface but connected in the deep. - William James
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. - Bernard Shaw
We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out. - Winston Churchill
We are most nearly ourselves when we achieve the seriousness of the child at play. - Heraclitus
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.   - Stephen Covey 
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice. - Stephen Covey
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.   - Buddha
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works. - Douglas Adams
We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.  - Jean Lacordaire
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far. - Swami Vivekananda
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.  - Aristotle
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.   - Aristotle 
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.  - Buddha
We are willing to believe anything other than the truth. - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
We are wiser than we know. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We become brave by doing brave acts. - Aristotle
We become what we believe. - Lolly Daskal
We build too many walls and not enough bridges. - Isaac Newton
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.   - Tony Robbins 
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. - Tony Robbins
We can choose to look at whatever we want.  We can look at what's wrong in our life or we can look at what's right. - Sonia Ricotti
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.   - Mother Teresa 
We can do no great things, only small things with great love. - Mother Teresa
We can either add to our character each day, or we can fritter away our energies in distractions. - Ming-Dao Deng
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are. - Jim Rohn
We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom. - Leo Tolstoy
We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain. - Alan Watts
We cannot change anything unless we accept it. - Carl Jung
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.  - David Seamans
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails. - 
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.   - Calvin Coolidge 
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once. - Calvin Coolidge
We cannot expect to be happy always... by experiencing evil as well as good we become wise. - Hans Christian Andersen
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. - Albert Einstein
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.  - Thornton Wilder
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures. - Thornton Wilder
We can only learn to love by loving.  - Iris Murdoch
We can only learn to love by loving. - Iris Murdoch
We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves. - Bruce Lee
We can spend our whole lives escaping from the monsters of our minds. - Pema Chodron
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. - Ronald Reagan
We choose our destiny in the way we treat others. - Wit
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.  - Kahlil Gibran
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. - Kahlil Gibran
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. - Sam Keen
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.  - Helen Keller
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world. - Helen Keller
We crave for new sensations but soon become indifferent to them. The wonders of yesterday are today common occurrences  - Nikola Tesla
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.  - Oliver Holmes 
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything. - Thomas Edison
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing. - Bernard Shaw
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing. - George Bernard Shaw
We do what we do because we believe. - 
Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them. - A.A. Milne
We forge the chains we wear in life. - Charles Dickens
We gain the strength of the temptation we resist. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day. - Charles Swindoll
We have a duty to maintain the light of consciousness to make sure it continues into the future. - Elon Musk
We have a hunger of the mind which asks for knowledge of all around us, and the more we gain, the more is our desire; the more we see, the more we are capable of seeing.  - Maria Mitchell
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.  - Edwin Markham
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life. - Edwin Markham
We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize. - Thich Nhat Hanh
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it. - George Bernard Shaw
We have to live life with a sense of urgency so not a minute is wasted. - Les Brown
We have to walk in a way that we only print peace and serenity on the Earth. Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet. - Thich Nhat Hanh
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.   - Epictetus 
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.  - Margaret Wheatley
We know nothing of tomorrow, our business is to be good and happy today. - Sydney Smith
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.  - Blaise Pascal
We know what we are but know not what we may be. - William Shakespeare
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.  - William Shakespeare
Welcome every morning with a smile. Look on the new day as another gift from your Creator, another golden opportunity. - Og Mandino
We learn by pushing ourselves and finding what really lies at the outer reaches of our abilities. - Josh Waitzkin
We learn to walk by falling down. If we never fell down, we would never walk. - Robert Kiyosaki
We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.  - Kenneth Patton
We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success. We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery.  - Samuel Smiles
We lie the loudest when we lie to ourselves. - Eric Hoffer
We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct. - Elizabeth Kapu'uwailani Lindsey
We live only now. Everything else is either passed or is unknown. - Marcus Aurelius
Well begun is half done.   - Aristotle 
Well begun is half done. - Aristotle
Well done is better than well said.   - Benjamin Franklin
Well done is better than well said.  - Benjamin Franklin
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.   - Leo Tolstoy 
We lost because we told ourselves we lost. - Leo Tolstoy
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving. - Friedrich Nietzsche
We love the things we love for what they are. - Robert Frost
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. - Unknown
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.  - Winston Churchill
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. - Winston Churchill
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate. - Benjamin Disraeli
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate. - Benjamin Disraeli 
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.   - Maya Angelou
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated. - Maya Angelou
We may not be able to stop evil in the world, but how we treat one another is entirely up to us. - Barack Obama
We may not be responsible for the world that created our minds, but we can take responsibility for the mind with which we create our world. - Gabor Mate
We meet ourselves time and again in a thousand disguises on the path of life. - Carl Jung
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.  - Ralph Emerson
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We must become the change we want to see.  - Mahatma Gandhi 
We must become the change we want to see. - Mahatma Gandhi
We must be free not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it. - William Faulkner
We must create our own world or we will die from inaction. - Robert Greene
We must cultivate our garden.  - Voltaire
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.  - Kenji Miyazawa
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. - Kenji Miyazawa
We must have strong minds, ready to accept facts as they are. - Harry S. Truman
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.  - Blaise Pascal
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything. - Blaise Pascal
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice. - Sogyal Rinpoche
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.  - Bishop Desmond Tutu
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose. - Desmond Tutu
We must not be afraid of dreaming the seemingly impossible if we want the seemingly impossible to become a reality. - Vaclav Havel
We must not cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we began and to know the place for the first time. - T.S. Eliot
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.  - Cicero
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one. - Cicero
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre. - Uta Hagen
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy. - Arthur Ashe
We need a backbone, not a wishbone. - Joyce Meyer
We need never be ashamed of our tears. - Charles Dickens
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.  - Barbara De Angelis
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity. - Barbara De Angelis
We never know how high we are till we are called to rise. Then if we are true to form our statures touch the skies. - Emily Dickinson
We never live; we are always in the expectation of living. - Voltaire
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it. - James Barrie
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it. - J. M. Barrie
We ordinary people must forge our own beauty. - Kenji Miyazawa
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.  - Rabindranath Tagore
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us. - Rabindranath Tagore
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone. - Orson Welles
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.   - Whoopi Goldberg 
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark. - Whoopi Goldberg
We're kept from our goal not by obstacles, but by a clear path to a lesser goal. - Bhagavad Gita
We're responsible for everything that happens to us. - Yanni
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel. - Marcia Fudge
We run to win, not just to be in the race.   - Vince Lombardi
We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences.  - Dennis Kimbro 
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.   - Mother Teresa 
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. - Mother Teresa
We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want. - Lao Tzu
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.  - Albert Schweitzer 
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit. - Albert Schweitzer
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started. - Henry Ward Beecher
We should not look back unless it is to derive useful lessons from past errors. - George Washington
We suffer for the simple reason that suffering is biologically useful. It is nature's preferred agent for inspiring change. - Mark Manson
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.   - Seneca
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
We take care of the future best by taking care of the present now. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
We tend to live up to our expectations. - Earl Nightingale
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution. - Abraham Lincoln
We think too much and feel too little. - Charlie Chaplin
We turn not older with years but newer every day. - Emily Dickinson
We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true. - Walt Disney
Weve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.   - Walt Disney
We've got to live, no matter how many skies have fallen. - D. H. Lawrence
We will act consistently with our view of who we truly are, whether that view is accurate or not. - Tony Robbins
We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by lovingkindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it. - The Buddha
We will now discuss in a little more detail the Struggle for Existence. - Charles Darwin
We will outstretch the hand if you unclench your fist. - Barack Obama
We win by helping each other win. - Jack Butcher
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. - Vince Lombardi
What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature! - Charles Darwin
What a liberation to realize that 'the voice in my head' is not who I am. Who am I then? The one who sees that. - Eckhart Tolle
What are we doing here, that is the question. - Samuel Beckett
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?  - George Eliot
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other? - George Eliot
What do we live for if not to make life less difficult for each other? - T.S. Eliot
Whatever happened, happened for the good. Whatever is happening, is happening for the good. Whatever will happen, will also happen for the good. - Bhagavad Gita
Whatever happens always happens on time. - Zen Proverb
Whatever happens, take responsibility.   - Tony Robbins 
Whatever happens, take responsibility. - Tony Robbins
Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing. - The Buddha
Whatever is not yours: let go of it. Your letting go of it will be for your long-term happiness & benefit. - The Buddha
Whatever satisfies the soul is truth. - Walt Whitman
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.  - Brian Tracy
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy. - Brian Tracy
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become reality. - Earl Nightingale
Whatever you are, be a good one. - Abraham Lincoln
Whatever you decide to do, make sure it makes you happy. - Paulo Coelho
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you. - John Wooden
Whatever you do,strive to do it so well that no man living and no man dead and no man yet to be born could do it any better. - Benjamin Mays
Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God. - Martin Luther
Whatever your mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve. - Napoleon Hill
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world. - Eckhart Tolle
What gets measured gets improved. - Robin Sharma
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. - Ellen Glasgow
What have you done today to make someone else happy? - Deepam Chaterjee
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies. - Aristotle
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.  - Ralph Emerson
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself. - Abraham Maslow
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.   - Sai Baba 
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be. - Sai Baba
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. - Goethe
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
What is past is left behind. The future is yet unreached. Whatever quality is present, clearly see it right there. - The Buddha
What is planted in each person's soul will sprout.   - Rumi
What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul. - Deepak Chopra
What kills the creative force is not age or lack of talent, but our own spirit, our own attitude. - Robert Greene
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.  - Oliver Holmes
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.  - Walt Emerson 
What loneliness is more lonely than distrust? - George Eliot
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part. - Christopher Reeve
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people. - Daisaku Ikeda
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things. - Unknown
What one does is what counts. Not what one had the intention of doing. - Pablo Picasso
What people need and what they want may be very different. - Elbert Hubbard
What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things.  - Margaret Mead
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.  - Donald Trump
What's obvious to you isn't obvious to most people. Operate from this perspective and you'll help more people. - Jack Butcher
What's right is what's left if you do everything else wrong. - Robin Williams
What's the point in being smart enough to read, if everything you read makes you dumb? - C. Sean McGee
What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk. - Cicero
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.  - Richard Bach
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly. - Richard Bach
What the eye doesn't see and the mind doesn't know, doesn't exist. - D. H. Lawrence
What the mind can conceive, it can achieve. - Napoleon Hill
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.   - Plutarch 
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. - Plutarch
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from. - T.S. Eliot
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life.  - Leo Buscaglia
What we dwell on is who we become. - Oprah Winfrey
What we know is a drop, what we don't know is an ocean.  - Isaac Newton
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.  - John Lubbock
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. - John Lubbock
What we see is mainly what we look for. - 
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.   - Wayne Dyer
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds. - Wayne Dyer
What we think, we become.  - Buddha 
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness? - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
What worries you masters you.  - Haddon Robinson 
What worries you masters you. - Haddon Robinson
What worries you, masters you. - John Locke
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?  - Vincent van Gogh
What would you do if you weren't afraid? - Spencer Johnson
What you are afraid of is never as bad as what you imagine. The fear you let build up in your mind is worse than the situation that actually exists. - Spencer Johnson
What you are is what you have been. What you’ll be is what you do now. - Buddha
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.  - Confucius
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others. - Confucius
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston
What you fear is that which requires action to overcome.  - Byron Pulsifer
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Henry David Thoreau
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Zig Ziglar
What you give is what you get.  - Byron Pulsifer
What you resist, persists. - Carl Jung
What you seek is seeking you. - Rumi
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it. - A. Powell Davies
When a man is penalized for honesty he learns to lie. - Criss Jami
When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred. - Thomas Jefferson
When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way. - Morihei Ueshiba
When asked, how do you write? I invariably answer, one word at a time. - Stephen King
When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective. - George Marshall
When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed. - Chuang Tzu
When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed. - Zhuang Zhou
When deeds speak, words are nothing.   - African Proverb
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong. - Oscar Wilde
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it. - Eckhart Tolle
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching. - Thomas Jefferson
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform. - Mark Twain
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.  - Arthur Conan Doyle
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. - Arthur Conan Doyle
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.  - Henry Ford
When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade. - Dale Carnegie
When fate hands us a lemon, lets try to make lemonade.  - Dale Carnegie 
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.  - Audre Lorde
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. - Audre Lorde
When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion. - Abraham Lincoln
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.   - Lao Tzu 
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Lao Tzu
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Laozi
When in doubt, don't. - Benjamin Franklin
When in doubt, tell the truth.  - Mark Twain
When in doubt, tell the truth. - Mark Twain
When it comes to mastering a skill, time is the magic ingredient. - Robert Greene
When it hurts - observe. Life is trying to teach you something. - Anita Krizzan
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. - Confucius
When I was 40, my doctor advised me that a man in his 40s shouldn't play tennis. I heeded his advice carefully and could hardly wait until I reached 50 to start again. - Hugo Black
When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a lamp in a windless place. - Bhagavad Gita
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there. - Zig Ziglar
When one does not have what one wants, one must want what one has. - Sigmund Freud
When one door closes another door opens.  - Alexander Graham Bell
When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.  - Alexander Bell
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.  - Helen Keller
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. - Helen Keller
When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings; when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear.   - Buddha
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.  - John Muir
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world. - John Muir
When our eyes see our hands doing the work of our hearts, the circle of Creation is completed inside us, the doors of our souls fly open, and love steps forth to heal everything in sight.  - Michael Bridge 
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.   - Tony Robbins 
When people are like each other they tend to like each other. - Tony Robbins
When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.  - Cullen Hightower
When reading, only read. When eating, only eat. When thinking, only think. - Seungsahn
When something comes from within, when it is a part of you, you have no choice but to live it, to express it. - Kamal Ravikant
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. - Elon Musk
When the fish is caught we pay no more attention to the trap. - Huang Po
When the mind is calm, how quickly, how smoothly, how beautifully you will perceive everything. - Paramahansa Yogananda
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you. - African proverb﻿
When the root is strong, the fruit is sweet. - Bob Marley
When the solution is simple, God is answering.   - Albert Einstein
When the solution is simple, God is answering. - Albert Einstein
When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands. - Maria Shriver
When the world pushes you to your knees, you're in the perfect position to pray. - Rumi
When things go wrong, don't go with them. - Elvis Presley
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge. - Robert Kiyosaki
When uncomfortable, my instinct is not to avoid the discomfort but to become at peace with it. - Josh Waitzkin
When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself. - The Buddha
When we allow negative messages to fester in our head, they take on a life of their own. - Lolly Daskal
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. - Viktor Frankl
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace. - Dalai Lama
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.  - Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama
When we have our body and mind in order, everything else will exist in the right place, in the right way. - Shunryu Suzuki
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.  - Joseph Campbell
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness. - Joseph Campbell
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. - William Arthur Ward
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. - William Ward
When we see men of worth, we should think of equaling them; when we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.  - Confucius
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better, too. - Paulo Coelho
When we think about our strengths, we are strong. When we think about our weaknesses, we are weak. - Peter A. Cohen
When you are able to employ your will always for constructive purposes, you become the controller of your destiny. - Paramahansa Yogananda
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.  - Lao Tzu
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. - Laozi
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger. - Epictetus
When you are talented you do it whatever it is until your fingers bleed or your eyes are ready to fall out of your head. - Stephen King
When you are tempted to give up, your breakthrough is probably just around the corner. - Joyce Meyer
When you are totally at peace with yourself, nothing can shake you. - Deepam Chaterjee
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.   - Zig Ziglar
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive — to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.   - Marcus Aurelius 
When you change what you believe, you change what you do. - Spencer Johnson
When you come to the edge of all the light you know, and are about to step off into the darkness of the unknown, faith is knowing one of two things will happen: There will be something solid to stand on, or you will be taught how to fly.  - Barbara  Winter 
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.  - Franklin Roosevelt
When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they? - Virginia Woolf
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.   - Wayne Dyer
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. - Wayne Dyer
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.  - W. Clement Stone
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it. - W. Clement Stone
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt. - Honore de Balzac
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt. - Honoré de Balzac
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.  - Harriet Stowe 
When you get up in the morning, you have two choices - either to be happy or to be unhappy. Just choose to be happy. - Norman Vincent Peale
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go. - Carol Burnett
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run. - Abraham Lincoln
When you have to make a choice and don't make it, that is in itself a choice. - William James
When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic.  - Charles Swindoll
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself - Wayne Dyer
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.   - Wayne Dyer
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. - Wayne Dyer
When you judge others, you do not define them, you define yourself. - Earl Nightingale
When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it. - Jim Rohn
When you learn, teach. When you get, give. - Maya Angelou
When you lose your desire for things that do not matter, you will be free. - Morihei Ueshiba
When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you'd like them to be. - Leo Tolstoy
When you make a choice, you change the future. - Deepak Chopra
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.  - Confucius
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self. - Confucius
When you move beyond your fear, you feel free. - Spencer Johnson
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.   - Napoleon Hill 
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve. - Napoleon Hill
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
When you reach the top of the mountain, keep climbing.  - Zen Proverb
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky. - Buddha
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you. - Lao Tzu
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you. - Laozi
When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to correct it. - Dalai Lama
When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on. - Theodore Roosevelt
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do. - Walt Disney
When you repeat a mistake, it is not a mistake anymore: it is a decision. - Paulo Coelho
When you're the only sane person, you look like the only insane person. - Criss Jami
When you rise in the morning, form a resolution to make the day a happy one for a fellow creature. - Sydney Smith
When you say yes to change, you are choosing to navigate that path peacefully and happily and see where it takes you. - Sonia Ricotti
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.  - Confucius
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points. - Confucius
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.   - Confucius 
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself. - Confucius
When you stop questioning, you stop learning. - Lolly Daskal
When you've got nothing, you've got nothing to lose. - Bob Dylan
When you view failure as feedback, you get more done. When you view failure as a finality, you get nothing done. - Jack Butcher
When you want something in life, you just gotta reach out and grab it. - Christopher McCandless
When you want to be honored by others, you learn to honor them first. - Sathya Sai Baba
When you win, say nothing, when you lose say less. - Wayne Gretzky
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.  - Walter Lippmann
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much. - Walter Lippmann
Where does a thought go when it's forgotten? - Sigmund Freud
Where ever you are, you are one with the clouds and one with the sun and the stars you see. You are one with everything. - Shunryu Suzuki
Where focus goes, energy flows. - Tony Robbins
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information? - George Eliot
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. - Confucius
Where there is anger, there is always pain underneath. - Eckhart Tolle
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open. - Pauline Kael
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance. - Francis of Assisi
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.  - Willa Cather
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. - Willa Cather
Where there is love there is life. - Mahatma Gandhi
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.  - Oprah Winfrey
Where there's life, there's hope. - Stephen Hawking
Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.  - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.   - Albert Schweitzer
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. - Albert Schweitzer
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; wherever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. The two are inseparable. - Earl Nightingale
Wherever you are, and whatever you do, be in love. - Rumi
Wherever you are is the entry point. - Kabir
Wherever you are, it's the place you need to be. - Maxime Lagace
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.   - Confucius 
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. - Confucius
Where violence reigns, reason is weak. - Nicolas Chamfort
Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey. - Lolly Daskal
Where you are right now doesn't have to determine where you'll end up. - Barack Obama
Where your talents and the needs of the world cross, there lies your vocation. - Aristotle
Whether you have a problem in your life or not depends upon your own attitude, your own understanding. - Shunryu Suzuki
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right. - Henry Ford
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. - Benjamin Franklin
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.  - Publilius Syrus
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity. - Publilius Syrus
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about. - Angela Schwindt
Whoever doesn't flare up at someone who's angry wins a battle hard to win. - The Buddha
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. - Anne Frank
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.  - Mark Twain
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too. - Mark Twain
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes. - Carl Jung
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.   - Carl Jung 
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes. - Lolly Daskal
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.  - Elizabeth Browning
Whoso loves, believes the impossible. - Elizabeth Browning
Who sows virtue reaps honor. - Leonardo da Vinci
Who sows virtue reaps honour. - Leonardo da Vinci
Who we are never changes. Who we think we are does.  - Mary Almanac 
Who wishes to fight must first count the cost. - Sun Tzu
Who you are is always right. - Ming-Dao Deng
Who you are is defined by what you're willing to struggle for. - Mark Manson
Why change? Everyone has his own style. When you have found it, you should stick to it. - Audrey Hepburn
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you. - 
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you. - Unknown
Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open? - Rumi
Why fit in when you were born to stand out? - Dr. Seuss
Why live an ordinary life, when you can live an extraordinary one. - Tony Robbins
Why worry about things you can’t control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you? - 
Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.  - Marquis Vauvenargues 
Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success. - Robert Kiyosaki
Winners are not people who never fail, but people who never quit. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Winners don't Quit. That's why they Win. - Unknown
Winners never quit and quitters never win. - Vince Lombardi
Winning isn't always championships. - Michael Jordan
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences. - Plato
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues. - Abigail Adams
Wisdom begins at the end. - Daniel Webster
Wisdom begins in wonder.   - Socrates
Wisdom begins in wonder. - Socrates
Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone. - John Burroughs
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself. - Kahlil Gibran
Wisdom comes alone through suffering. - Aeschylus
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men. - Confucius
Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as knowing what to do next. - Herbert Hoover
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences. - Norman Cousins
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has. - Josh Billings
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values. - Sidney Hook
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength. - Phil Jackson
Wisdom is doing now what you are going to be happy with later on. - Joyce Meyer
Wisdom is found only in truth. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.  - David Jordan
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life. - Hermann Hesse
Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar. - William Wordsworth
Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things. - Heraclitus
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use. - Thomas J. Watson
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. - Doug Larson
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.  - Sophocles
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness. - Sophocles
Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next. - Herbert Hoover
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one. - Diogenes
Wise men make more opportunities than they find. - Francis Bacon
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. - Plato
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.  - Plato
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something. - Plato
Wise people, even though all laws were abolished, would still lead the same life. - Aristophanes
Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.  - Byron Pulsifer
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit. - Aristotle
With age comes wisdom and a high sex drive. And the wisdom to enjoy it. - Amber Valletta
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.  - Keshavan Nair
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.  - Oprah Winfrey
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice. - Oprah Winfrey
Within every desire is the mechanics of its fulfillment. - Deepak Chopra
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.  - Baltasar Gracian
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. - Baltasar Gracián
Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously. - Gilbert Chesterton
Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.  - Mary Bethune
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech. - Benjamin Franklin
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. - Gordon Hinckley
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.  - Gloria Steinem
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. - Gloria Steinem
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.   - Amiel
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark. - Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.  - John Dewey
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live. - John Dewey
Without struggle, no progress and no result. Every breaking of habit produces a change in the machine. - G.I. Gurdjieff
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.   - Carl Jung 
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable. - Carl Jung
With pride, there are many curses. With humility, there come many blessings. - Ezra Taft Benson
With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.  - Dalai Lama 
With self-discipline, almost anything is possible. - Theodore Roosevelt
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. - Eleanor Roosevelt
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world. - Dalai Lama
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world. - Dalai Lama
Wit is educated insolence. - Aristotle
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.  - Madame de Stael
Words are clothes that thoughts wear - Samuel Butler
Words are like Leaves; and where they most abound, Much Fruit of Sense beneath is rarely found. - Alexander Pope
Words are the clothes thoughts wear. - Samuel Beckett
Words are the clothing of our thoughts. - Jonathan Swift
Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality. - Edgar Allan Poe
Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own. - Carol Burnett
Words without actions are the assassins of idealism. - Herbert Hoover
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.  - Vaclav Havel
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. - Vaclav Havel
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. - Václav Havel
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job. - Jim Rohn
Working hard for something we don't care about is called stress: Working hard for something we love is called passion. - Simon Sinek
Work is always an antidote to depression. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results. - James Allen
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. - Satchel Paige
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.  - Buddha
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others. - Buddha
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.  - Henri-Frederic Amiel
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you. - Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.  - 
Worry is a waste of emotional reserve. - Ayn Rand
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.  - Swedish Proverb 
Would you rather learn to deal with the truth now than be forced to do so later on? - Celestine Chua
Would you rather live your life according to the approval of others or aligned with your truth and your dreams? - Robin Sharma
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.  - Mark Twain
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. - Mark Twain
Write to help yourself, publish to help others. - Jack Butcher
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser. - Paulo Coelho
Wrong does not cease to be wrong because the majority share in it. - Leo Tolstoy
Wrong turns are as important as right turns. More important, sometimes. - Richard Bach
Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.   - John Lennon 
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun. - John Lennon
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.  - Bernadette Devlin
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win. - Bernadette Devlin
Yesterday is but today's memory, tomorrow is today's dream. - Kahlil Gibran
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. - Mother Teresa
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present. - Babatunde Olatunji
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present. - Joan Rivers
Yesterday is the past, tomorrow is the future, today is a gift - that's why it's called the present. - George Bernard Shaw
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. - Babe Ruth
You already have every characteristic necessary for success if you recognize, claim, develop and use them. - Zig Ziglar
You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear. - Sammy Davis Jr.
You always succeed in producing a result.   - Tony Robbins 
You always succeed in producing a result. - Tony Robbins
You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean. - Alan Watts
You are a function of what the whole universe is doing in the same way that a wave is a function of what the whole ocean is doing. - Alan Watts
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.   - Richard Bach 
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past. - Richard Bach
You are always your own best guru, your own best teacher, the answers are always inside you. - Sathya Sai Baba
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back? - W. Clement Stone
You are free, and that is why you are lost.  - Franz Kafka
You are free, and that is why you are lost. - Franz Kafka
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.   - Wayne Dyer
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back. - Wayne Dyer
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.   - Richard Bach 
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however. - Richard Bach
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - Les Brown
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. - Woodrow Wilson
You are not one person, but three: The one you think you are; The one others think you are; The one you really are. - Sathya Sai Baba
You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say.  - Martin Luther
You are not the drop in the ocean, but the ocean in the drop. - Deepak Chopra
You are not what you think you are, You are not what others think you are, You are what you think others think you are. - Unknown
You are now, and you do become, what you think about. - Earl Nightingale
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!  - Cathy Pulsifer
You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes. - Alan Watts
You are the average of the five people you spend most time with. - Jim Rohn
You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with. - Jim Rohn
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.  - Zig Ziglar 
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. - Zig Ziglar
You are the only person on Earth who can use your ability. - Zig Ziglar
You are the only problem you will ever have and you are the only solution. - Bob Proctor
You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life. - Les Brown
You are the sky. Everything else - it's just the weather. - Pema Chodron
You are today where your thoughts have brought you. - James Allen
You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become. - Bhagavad Gita
You are what you believe yourself to be. - Paulo Coelho
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. - Carl Jung
You become a worrier by practicing worry. You become free of worry by practicing the opposite. - Norman Vincent Peale
You become stronger with every problem you face and every obstacle you overcome. - Celestine Chua
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.  - Mary Morrissey
You came empty handed, and you will leave empty handed. - Bhagavad Gita
You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action.   - Catherine Pulsifer
You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else. - Winston Churchill
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job. - Laurence J. Peter
You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.  - Byron Pulsifer
You can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies. - Gustave Flaubert
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.  -  Ziggy
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you. - Eric Hoffer
You can do it if you believe you can!   - Napoleon Hill 
You can do it if you believe you can! - Napoleon Hill
You can do nothing to change the past, and the future will never come exactly as you plan or hope for. - Dan Millman
You can do two things at once, but you can't focus effectively on two things at once. - Gary Keller
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - Simon Sinek
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time. - Abraham Lincoln
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time.  - Abraham Lincoln
You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once.  - Oprah Winfrey
You can have results or excuses, but not both. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
You can have the mind or you can have the moment. - Naval Ravikant
You can live a whole life time never being awake. - Dan Millman
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. - 
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. - Christopher Columbus
You can never get enough of what you don't need to make you happy. - Eric Hoffer
You cannot always control what goes on outside. But you can always control what goes on inside.  - Wayne Dyer
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. - Wayne Dyer
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless. - Caroline Myss
You cannot change your destination overnight but you can change your direction overnight. - Jim Rohn
You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it. - Roy T. Bennett
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.   - Brian Tracy
You cannot do a kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late.  - Ralph Emerson
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. - Abraham Lincoln
You cannot find peace avoiding life. - Virginia Woolf
You cannot find peace by avoiding life. - Virginia Woolf
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present. - Eckhart Tolle
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. - Joyce Meyer
You cannot have what you do not want. - John Acosta
You can not live your life just based on what everyone else thinks. - Joyce Meyer
You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings.  - Pearl Buck
You cannot push anyone up a ladder unless he is willing to climb a little himself. - Andrew Carnegie
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.  - Heraclitus
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in. - Heraclitus
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore. - William Faulkner
You cannot teach a crab to walk straight. - Aristophanes
You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself. - Buddha
You can observe a lot just by watching.  - Yogi Berra
You can observe a lot just by watching. - Yogi Berra
You can often change your circumstances by changing your attitude. - Eleanor Roosevelt
You can only be afraid of what you think you know. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new. - Brian Tracy
You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education. Ultimately, it is the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life. - Ravi Zacharias
You can only lose something that you have, but you cannot lose something that you are. - Eckhart Tolle
You can put lipstick on a pig. It's still a pig. - Barack Obama
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.  - Harriet Woods
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims. - Harriet Woods
You can start changing our world for the better daily, no matter how small the action. - Nelson Mandela
You can suffer the pain of change or suffer remaining the way you are. - Joyce Meyer
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. - Albert Einstein
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.  - Henry Ford
You can't choose up sides on a round world. - Wayne Dyer
You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. - Rabindranath Tagore
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.  - Naguib Mahfouz
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. - Naguib Mahfouz
You can't get to a place that you don't believe exists. - Unknown
You can't go forward and backwards at the same time. - Steve Harvey
You can't have anything worthwhile without difficulties. - Harry S. Truman
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. - John Wooden
You can't let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you. - Barack Obama
You can't make someone feel good about themselves until you feel good about yourself. - Robin Sharma
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. - Michael Phelps
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist. - Indira Gandhi
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes. - A.A. Milne
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
You can't win unless you learn how to lose. - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will. - Stephen King
You change the world by being yourself. - Yoko Ono
You Create Your Own Present By What You Give Your Attention To Today. - Spencer Johnson
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you. - Eckhart Tolle
You do not read a book for the book's sake, but for your own. - Earl Nightingale
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. - Desmond Tutu
You don't earn loyalty in a day. You earn loyalty day-by-day. - Jeffrey Gitomer
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.   - Zig Ziglar
You don't have to control your thoughts; you just have to stop letting them control you. - Dan Millman
You don't have to move mountains. You'll change the world simply by being a warm, kind-hearted human being. - Anita Krizzan
You don't know who is important to you until you actually lose them. - Mahatma Gandhi
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you. - Alan Watts
You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are! - John Lennon
You don't need to be better than anyone else, you just need to be better than you used to be. - Wayne Dyer
You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball. - Bob Knight
You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it. - Paulo Coelho
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for. - Oprah Winfrey
You get paid in direct proportion to the difficulty of problems you solve. - Elon Musk
You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind. - Remez Sasson
You give before you get.   - Napoleon Hill 
You give before you get. - Napoleon Hill
You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give. - Kahlil Gibran
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. - Yogi Berra
You have a brain and mind of your own. Use it, and reach your own decisions. - Napoleon Hill
You have as much laughter as you have faith. - Martin Luther
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. - Winston Churchill
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. - Marcus Aurelius
You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.   - Marcus Aurelius 
You have the freedom to be yourself, your true self, here and now, and nothing can stand in your way. - Richard Bach
You have the potential for greatness. - Steve Harvey
You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give. - Eleanor Roosevelt
You have to believe in yourself.   - Sun Tzu 
You have to believe in yourself. - Sun Tzu
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.   - Abraham Lincoln
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was. - Abraham Lincoln
You have to give up some of the old so that you can make room for the new. - Yanni
You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens. - Rumi
You have to make time, even for something as universal as staring at the stars. - W.P. Kinsella
You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it. - Old German proverb
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?   - Donald Trump 
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.  - Babe Ruth
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
You know the more one does the more one can do. - Amelia Earhart
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job and not be paid for it. - Oprah Winfrey
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. - Dr. Seuss
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.  - Anatole France
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving. - Anatole France
You live by what you thrill to, and there's the end of it. - D. H. Lawrence
You'll get more from being a peacemaker than a warrior. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
You'll never find rainbows if you're looking down.   - Charlie Chaplin
You'll see it when you believe it.  - Wayne Dyer
You'll see it when you believe it. - Wayne Dyer
You make your own luck if you stay at it long enough. - Naval Ravikant
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment unless you trust enough.  -  Frank Crane
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.  - Beverly Sills
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. - Beverly Sills
You may be one person in this world, but to one person you may mean the world. - Unknown
You may delay, but time will not. - Benjamin Franklin
You may forget with whom you laughed, but you will never forget with whom you wept.   - Kahlil Gibran
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.  - 
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one. - John Lennon
You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.  - John Lennon
You may think I'm small, but I have a universe inside my mind. - Yoko Ono
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.   - Napoleon Hill 
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. - Napoleon Hill
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
You must be willing to do what others won't do, to have what others won't have. - Les Brown
You must conceive it in your heart and mind before you can receive it. If you believe then all things are possible. - Norman Vincent Peale
You must do the things you think you cannot do.  - Eleanor Roosevelt
You must do the things you think you cannot do. - Eleanor Roosevelt
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. - Deepak Chopra
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. - Les Brown
You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway. - Steve Maraboli
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this. - Henry David Thoreau
You must train your intuition — you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.  - Ingrid Bergman
You must train your intuition — you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide. - Ingrid Bergman
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.  - Denis Waitley 
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler. - Denis Waitley
You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal. - Zig Ziglar
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star. - Friedrich Nietzsche
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.  - Nietzsche
You need to be doing fewer things for more effect instead of doing more things with side effects. - Gary Keller
You never know when a moment and a few sincere words can have an impact on a life.   - Zig Ziglar
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. - Mae West
You only lose what you cling to. - Buddha
You play the hand you're dealt. I think the game's worthwhile.   - Christopher Reeve
You purchase pain with all that joy can give and die of nothing but a rage to live. - Alexander Pope
Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage.  - Arie de Gues
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.  - Zig Ziglar 
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
Your best life will not be found in comfort. It will be found in fighting for what you believe in. - Maxime Lagace
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.   - Napoleon Hill 
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. - Napoleon Hill
Your body is precious. It is our vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care. - Buddha
Your business is not to 'get somewhere' - it is to be here. - Dan Millman
Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself. - Robert Collier
Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully. - Richard Bach
Your dream has to be bigger than your fear. - Steve Harvey
You really can change the world if you care enough.  - Marian Edelman
You really can change the world if you care enough. - Marian Wright Edelman
You're always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past. - Richard Bach
You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. - A.A. Milne
You're never a loser until you quit trying. - Mike Ditka
You're never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true. - Richard Bach
You're never too old for anything. - Betty White
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. - Marian Wright Edelman
You're on earth. There's no cure for that. - Samuel Beckett
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it. - Robin Williams
Your first and foremost job as a leader is to take charge of your own energy and then help to orchestrate the energy of those around you. - Peter Drucker
Your friend is your needs answered. - Kahlil Gibran
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.   - Richard Bach 
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years. - Richard Bach
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.  - Frank Tyger
Your gift is something that you can do innately better than anything else. - Steve Harvey
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. - Les Brown
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time. - Brian Tracy
Your happiness is what truly matters most. Do what you have to do in order to be happy. - Brian Tracy
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end. - Roy T. Bennett
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout. - Morihei Ueshiba
Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths. - Rumi
Your home is where your thoughts find peace. - Zen Proverb
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. - Albert Einstein
Your mind is infinite, it's your doubts that are limiting. - Robert Kiyosaki
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer. - William  Burroughs
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer. - William Burroughs
Your neighbor is the man who needs you. - Elbert Hubbard
Your next step is simple. You are the first domino. - Gary Keller
Your only limitations are those you set up in your mind or permit others to set up for you. - Og Mandino
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself. Being true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the mark of a fake messiah.   - Richard Bach 
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself. - Richard Bach
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself. - Lululemon
Your past does not equal your future. - Tony Robbins
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem. - Unknown
Your purpose will be clear only when you listen to your heart. - Lolly Daskal
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.  - Joseph Campbell
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again. - Joseph Campbell
Your setback is just a setup for a comeback. - Steve Harvey
Your spirit is the true shield. - Morihei Ueshiba
Your success and happiness lie in you. - Helen Keller
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. - Rumi
Your task is not to seek love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. - Rumi
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone elses. life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. - Steve Jobs
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone elses. life. - Steve Jobs
Your very silence shows you agree. - Euripides
Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes. - Carl Jung
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. - Lolly Daskal
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes. - Carl Jung
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.   - Carl Jung 
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.  - Carl Jung
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens. - Carl Jung
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.  - Steve Jobs
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it. - Buddha
Your work is to discover your work and then, with all your heart, to give yourself to it. - Buddha
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.   - Buddha
Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind. - Earl Nightingale
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts. - Buddha
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts. - The Buddha
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. - Thomas Edison
You should ignore that person’s impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That’s how to get rid of resentment for that person. - The Buddha
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time. - Jim Bouton
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts. - Kahlil Gibran
You teach best what you most need to learn.   - Richard Bach 
You teach best what you most need to learn. - Richard Bach
Youth ages, immaturity is outgrown, ignorance can be educated, and drunkenness sobered, but stupid lasts forever. - Aristophanes
Youth has no age. - Pablo Picasso
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.  - Franz Kafka
You use a glass mirror to see your face; you use works of art to see your soul. - George Bernard Shaw
You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is. - Will Rogers
You want to live but do you know how to live? You are scared of dying and tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different from being dead? - Seneca
You were born to win, but to be a winner you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win. - Zig Ziglar
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, expect to win. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.  - Lou Holtz 
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be. - Lou Holtz
You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously. - Steve Maraboli
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. - Maya Angelou
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.  - Albert Camus
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. - Albert Camus
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. - James Allen
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger. - Buddha
You will not do incredible things without an incredible dream. - John Eliot
You will succeed because most people are lazy. - Shahir Zag
You win more from losing than winning. - Morgan Wootten
You win the victory when you yield to friends. - Sophocles
You won't skid if you stay in a rut. - Kin Hubbard
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.   - Buddha
You yourself must strive. The Buddhas only point the way. - The Buddha
Zen insists that the whole trouble is just our failure to realize that there is no problem. - Bruce Lee
